tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart goes to the Happy Sailor Tattoo Parlor) Bart: One "Mother," please. Tattoo Artist: Wait a minute. How old are you? Bart: 21, sir. Tattoo Artist: Get in the chair.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [dressed as Santa with Bart on his lap] And what's your name, little boy? Bart: I'm Bart Simpson. Who the hell are you?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	After Homer reveals he took the job as a mall Santa because there is no money for presents Bart: I am impressed, Dad. You must really love us to do something so demeaning.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Now, remember, as far as anyone knows, we're a nice, normal family. Lisa: Hey, Bart! Last one in the fountain's a rotten egg! Bart: Heey!! Homer: D'oh! [runs after them] BE NORMAL!! BE NORMAL!!!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: I thought I'd never hear the screams of pain or see the look of terror in a young man's eyes. Thank heaven for children!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! Marge: Homer, wake up. Isn't that horrible buddy dream? Instead I hope when you I did once. Homer: That's okay Marge, I noticed became a bad dream.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Remember, Dad. The handle of the Big Dipper points to the North Star. Homer: That's nice, Lisa, but we're not in astronomy class. We're in the woods. [Marge and Lisa groan in disgust, knowing Homer has ignored their attempts to try and help him navigate the woods.]
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Marge and Lisa discuss the origin of babies] Lisa: I heard a hideous story about it once, in the schoolyard. Marge: Oh. Well, it's true, I'm afraid.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Chief Wiggum leads a press conference about the town statue.] Chief Wiggum: [clears throat] Well, we have no witnesses, no suspects, and no leads. If anyone has any information, please dial "0" and ask for the police. That number again, "0."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart skateboards down to the movie theater.] Jimbo: Hey, hot dog. Bart: What? [crashes into a lamp post] Jimbo: Nice dismount, man. [He and his friends laugh.] Bart: Didn't hurt. Kearney: Oh, yeah? Well, do it again! Bart: Nah. Might land on my face and end up looking like you.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Okay, Skinner, how do we know that some headmaster in France is not pulling the same scam on us? Skinner: Well for one thing, you will not be getting a French boy. You would be hosting an Albanian. Homer: You mean all white with pink eyes?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: You have been charged with armed robbery. How do you plead? Krusty: I plead guilty, Your Honor! Courtroom gasps. Defense attorney, obviously irked, whispers to Krusty Krusty: Oops, I mean to say I plead not guilty. Opening night jitters, heh, heh!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Quoth the raven- Bart: Eat my shorts! Lisa: Bart, stop it! He says "Nevermore." And that's all he'll ever say. Bart: Okay, okay.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: How much could it.. possibly cost to... fix this place up? Smithers: [calculates] Hmm, approximately $56 million, sir. Mr. Burns: 56 MILLION!!!? Smithers: Don't hit me, sir!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Ironic, isn't it Smithers. This anonymous clan of slack-jawed troglodytes has cost me the election, and yet if I were to have them killed, I would be the one to go to jail. That's democracy for you! Smithers: You are noble and poetic in defeat, sir.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart, having never received any words of encouragement myself, I'm not sure how they're supposed to sound, but here goes: I believe in you. Bart: Thanks, man.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer tries to light a log on fire and isn't successful.] Grampa: That's no way to light a fire! Where's your kindling? Homer: This thing's going to be roaring anytime now. Selma: Even a caveman can start a fire. Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart and Milhouse are at the Simpson house watching tv.] Milhouse: Hey, that's my seat. Bart: Correction, was your seat. [Cut to Moe's Tavern] Barney: But I only got up to go the the can! Homer: Hey, I don't see your name engraved on this bar stool.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The TV's image gets shaky during a movie review show] Bart & Lisa [in unison]: AUGH! Homer: Time for Dr. TV to perform a little surgery. [Homer hits the TV, causing the shakiness to get worse] Bart: Looks like you lost the patient, Doc.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Why so glum? Homer: [sigh] I got a problem. Once you stop this car, I'm gonna hug you, and kiss you, and then I'll never be able to let you go. [back to present] Homer: And I never have.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: Bart, I'm flabbergasted. Truly you knew is you were writing own your name in 40-foot high letters in the field that you would be caught. Bart: Maybe it was one of the other Barts, sir. Skinner: THERE ARE _NO_ OTHER BARTS!!!! Bart: Uh-oh.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Principal Skinner, allow me to introduce to my wife's lovely - and available - sister, Selma. Patty: You bozo, I'm Patty! Homer: WHAT!!? Skinner: Pat... ty... Homer: D'oh!! Wrong one! [Skinner is immediately smitten by Patty.]
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: Pull your chair closer, my son. Homer: What is it, Dad? Grampa: Pee-yoo! Not that close! Sheesh. Homer, that heart attack made me realize that I'm going to die someday. Homer: Oh, Dad, you and your imagination.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: No! No! Bad dog! Let go! Bad Santa's Little Helper! Stop! Not the sports section! D'oh! (Santa Little Helper rips the newspaper, and Homer growls) Stupid dog!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You know, we'll be old someday. Homer: Gasp! My God, you're right, Marge! You kids wouldn't put me in a home like I did to my dad, would you? Bart: Well... Homer: Aaaahhhh!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Grandpa: Well, I was wondering if you and I you know, might go to the same place at the same time and... Jeez! You'd think this would get easier with time!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Bergstrom [reading Charlotte's Web]: "Nobody of the hundreds of people that visited the fair knew that a grey spider had played the most important part of all. No one was with her when she died."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer is passed out on the floor as everyone leaves Marge's party.] Dr. Hibbert: If you want him to live through the night, I suggest you roll him onto his stomach. Marge: Thank you, Doctor. Dr. Hibbert: Remember, I said "if."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(after the party, as Marge is prying a drunk Homer off the floor) Marge (angrily): I have never been so embarrassed in all my life! Homer (half-drunkenly): Why, what'd ya do?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer comes home to find Bart selling beer to raise money for the rare Radioactive Man comic) Bart: Wuh-oh. Homer: Hey, what's all the - aagh! My beer! My beer! My beautiful beer!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [as he stares at the Radioactive Man comic in the store window] Last night, I dreamed I held you in my arms.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hello. My name is Mr. Burns. I believe you have a letter for me. Post Office Clerk: Okay, Mr. Burns... Uh, what's your first name? Homer: ......I don't know.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: Well, Mr. Simpson, after talking with your wife, we can see that you are not insane. Homer: Wow, that's the nicest thing that anyone has ever said to me. Could I have that in writing?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Who would've guessed reading and writing would pay off?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [on the phone] Hello, Jerry? Homer Simpson. Remember last month when I paid back that loan? Well now I need YOU to do a favor for ME.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: [using a left-handed can opener] The worm has turned, has it not, my tin-plated friend? Look at you! You were once so proud. Now feel the wrath of the left hand of Burns!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: Uh, Mr. Burns, people are calling this a meltdown. Mr. Burns: [over the hotline] Oh, meltdown. It's one of these annoying buzzwords. We prefer to call it an unrequested fission surplus.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Lisa tries one last tack in convincing Rabbi Krustofski to reconcile with Krusty] Lisa: Here you go, Bart. It's a long shot, but that's all I can do without learning Ancient Hebrew. [Bart looks at Lisa in expectation] Bart! I am not going to learn Ancient Hebrew!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You know, Marge, that Bart is a little miracle - his winning smile, his button nose, his fat little stomach, his face alight with wholesome mischief. He reminds me of me before the weight of the world crushed my spirit.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer's Brain: Don't you get it? You've got to use reverse psychology. Homer: That sounds too complicated. Homer's Brain: OK, don't use reverse psychology. Homer: All right, I will!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Stockbroker: Homer, it's your stockbroker. Your stock in the powerplant just went up for the first time in 10 years. Homer: I own stock! Stockbroker: Yes, all the employees got some in exchange for waiving certain constitutional rights.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	German Managers: Attention workers, we have completed our evaluation of the plant. We regret to announce the following lay-offs, which I will read in alphabetical order... Simpson, Homer. That is all.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Veterinarian fails to resuscitate a hamster.] Homer: Hey, you did the best you could. Veterinarian: I love animals. I've spent my life saving them and they can never thank me. Well, the parrots can.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Lurleen records a new song] Lurleen: Oh the bases were empty on the diamond of my heart, When the coach called me up to the plate, I'd been swingin', and missin', at lovin' and kissin', My average was point double oh eight.
tv-simpsons	life	verse	general	0	So I spit on my hands, knocked the dirt from my spikes, And pointed right towards center field, This time I'm hitting a home run, This time, love is for real.
tv-simpsons	life	verse	general	0	I'll slide... I'll steal... I'll sacrifice A lovin' fly for you, I been slumping all season but now I found a reason, I struck on a love that is true.
tv-simpsons	love	verse	general	0	I used to play the field, I used to be a roamer, But the season's turning 'round for me now, I finally bagged me a homer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	That's right, I finally bagged me a Homer.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Studio Manager: Um, Lurleen, we're gonna have to cut you off, we're getting some kind of grinding noise on the track. [cut to Marge grinding her teeth]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the First Annual C. Montgomery Awards for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Excellence show.] Lisa: This show is the biggest farce I ever saw! Bart: What about the Emmys? Lisa: I stand corrected.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: You're serving us gruel? Dolph: Not quite. [pulls out a large drum of gruel with Krusty's face on the front] This is Krusty-Brand Imitation Gruel. Nine out of ten orphans can't tell the difference.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [despondent] I'm an ugmo! Homer: Now, that's not true! You're as cute as a bug's ear. Lisa: Fathers have to say that stuff. [Grampa walks by] Homer: Dad, am I cute as a bug's ear? Grampa: No, you're homely as a mule's butt! [walks off] Homer: There, see?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [angry] Mr. West, you said there was a a job for me. Adam West: There was. When I called you, [camera zooms in dramatically] 45 minutes ago. Barney: So long, Superman, your secret identity is safe with me.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, I think the baby is coming. Homer: Wow. A baby and a free burger. Could this be the best day of my life? TV Announcer: Next up, an hour-long episode of "Mama's Family." Homer: Yes!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: Supper time, boys! Todd: Oh boy: liver! Rod: Iron helps us play.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	TV Announcer: Welcome back to this, the final day of the 23rd Olympiad, brought to you by Krusty Burger. Krusty: [furious] You people are pigs!! [sobs] I personally am gonna spit in every 50th burger! Homer: [surrounded by piles of free Krusty Burgers] I like those odds.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Nothing you say can upset us. We're the MTV generation. Lisa: We feel neither highs or lows. Homer: Really? What's it like? Lisa: [shrugs] Meh.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Burns: [poorly disguised with a fake mustache] Hello, my name is Mr. Snrub, and I come from some place far away. [to himself] Yes, that'll do. Anyway, I say we invest that money back in the Nuclear Plant. Smithers: I like the way Snrub thinks.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I call the big one Bitey.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: How fast are they going? Homer: Eeeeeyaaaaaaai!! [yelling as monorail whizzes by platform] Cobb: [looking at watch] Well, judging by your husband's cowardly scream, 180 miles an hour.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer! There's someone here who says he can help you. Homer: Batman?! Marge: No, he's a scientist. Homer: Batman's a scientist! Marge: It's not Batman!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Every time you watch my show, I'll send you $40! [holds up check to audience] Man: [quick voice-over] Checks will not be honored.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Bart I can't believe you don't remember. It was only 8 years ago. Bart: Thanks to TV I can't remember what happened 8 minutes ago.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Barney: David Crosby? You're my hero! David Crosby: Oh, you like my music? Barney: You're a musician?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Blue-Haired Lawyer: But what about that tattoo on your chest? Doesn't it say, "Die Bart, Die?" Sideshow Bob: No, that's German for "The Bart, The." Officer: No one who speaks German could be an evil man.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Hold it right there, Sideshow Bob. You're under arrest. Sideshow Bob: [furious] By Lucifer's beard! Chief Wiggum: Uh, yeah. It's a good thing you drifted by this brothel.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man: C'monn, leave town! Bob: No. Man: I'll be your friend? Bob: No. Man: Oh, you're mean!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	FBI Agent: We have places your family can hide in peace and security: Cape Feare, Terror Lake, New Horrorfield, Screamville
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: BART, YA WANT SOME BROWNIES BEFORE YA GO TO BED!?! ··· Homer: BART, YA WANNA SEE MY NEW CHAINSAW AND HOCKEY MASK!?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Take im away, boys. Wiggum: Hey, I'm the chief here! Bake im away, toys. Lou: What'd you say, chief? Wiggum: Do what the kid says.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Smithers: Who's Bobo, sir? Mr. Burns: Bobo? Oh I meant Lobo, uh, Sheriff Lobo. They never should have cancelled that show.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devil Ned: Alright Simpson, you get your soul back. But let that ill-gotten dount be FOREVER ON YOUR HEAD!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: BART!! How many times have I told you not to bite your sis - Wait a minute! You ARE a vampire!! Grampa: QUICK!! We have to kill the boy!! Marge: How'd you know he's a vampire? Grampa: He's a vampire? AHHH!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Troy McClure: Hi! I'm Troy McClure! You might remember me from such self-help videos as 'Smoke Yourself Thin' and 'Get Confident, Stupid!'
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: And I'm really enjoying this so called... iced cream! Smithers: Sir, in the spirit of the festival and everything, I'd just like to say that.... I... love you. Burns: Hm? Smithers: In those colors! (to himself): Oh, who am I kidding? The boathouse was the time!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: Darn! They're very slowly getting away! Moe: Looks like they're headed for the old mill! Principal Skinner: No they're not. Moe: Well, let's go to the old mill anyway! Get some cider!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Aw man, how are we supposed to kill the rusty afternoon? Hobo: You mustn't kill time boys, you must cherish it, seize the day. Can I have some change to go get me loaded?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Hey, don't bogart that Squishee! [Barney chugs junkie] Barney: I dunno where you magic pixies came from, but I like your pixie drink.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, don't discourage the boy. Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates us from the animals, except the weasel.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Ya see anything yet? Lou: Nothing captain, someone took all the beer and cold cuts. Wiggum: Oh, that's it. I'm not even casting off until we go to the store.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Department of Labor Agent: This plant violates every labor law in the book! We found a missing Brazilian soccer team working in your reactor core! Mr. Burns: That plane crashed on my property!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Moe, I need your advice. Moe: Yeah? Homer: You see, I have this friend named Joey Joe Joe...Junior...Shabadoo. Moe: That's the worst name I ever heard. [a man in the bar leaves crying] Barney: Hey, Joey Joe Joe!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer puts on a pair of horn-rimmed glasses he finds floating in a toilet bowl.] Homer: The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side. Man in stall: That's a right triangle, ya idiot! Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother. I call him Gamblor and it's time to free your mother from his neon claws.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Smithers: I'm afraid Robert Goulet hasn't arrived yet, sir. Mr. Burns: Very well, begin the thawing of Jim Nabors.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Smithers: M'aam, do you not think you have gambled enough? Marge: No. Smithers: We are required to ask that question once every 72 hours. OK, bring the lady a free shrimp cocktail!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart brings Robert Goulet to his treehouse casino) Robert Goulet: Are you sure this is the place? I think I should call my manager. Nelson Muntz: Your manager says for you to shut up! Goulet (surprised): Vera said that?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [horrified] The burglar even took my stamp collection! Lisa: [amused] You had a stamp collection? [The family all laugh at Bart, and the phone rings. Bart answers it.] Nelson: [on the phone] Stamp collection? Ha-ha!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Aw, people can come up with statistics to prove anything, Kent. Forfty percent of all people know that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: [Reading news script] 'Tragic news tonight: a tidal wave in Kuala'... 'la'- la.... 'Pur'... 'Lam-pur'... France. [Bart pops up and steals Kent's Danish.] Bart: Yoink! Kent Brockman: Yoink? [After finding out his Danish is gone] (gasps)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Apu, if I've learned anything, it's that life is just one crushing defeat after another until you just wish Flanders was dead.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Smithers turns on his computer, its boot screen displays a computerized version of Mr. Burns] Mr. Burns: Hello, Smithers. You're quite good at turning me on. Smithers: Uh, you probably should ignore that.
tv-simpsons	science	tv-quote	general	0	NASA Technician: [counting down to launch] Three... Two... One... MAKE ROCKET GO NOW!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent: We're just about to get our first pictures from inside the spacecraft with "average-naut" Homer Simpson, and we'd like to.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer has sent potato ships loose in zero gravity] Buzz Aldrin: Careful, they're ruffled!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Ned has just offered Homer tickets to the game] Homer: Why do you mock me, Lord? Marge: Homer, that's not God. That's just a waffle Bart threw up there [Marge knocks it down] Homer: I know I shouldn't eat thee but... Mmmm, sacralicious.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What'the point of all this cleaning?! Are we so vain?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: So isn't that what we're all asking in our own lives - "Where's my elephant?" I know that's what I've been asking.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: [rides on Stampy] Ha-ha! Smithers, this reminds me of that fat man I used to ride to work!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Look at this, Marge: $58 and all of it profit! I'm the smartest businessman in the world. Marge: Stampy's food bill today was $300. Homer: [scared] Marge, please, don't humiliate me in front of the money.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mr. Blackheart? Mr. Blackheart: Yes, my pretty? Lisa: Are you an ivory dealer? Mr. Blackheart: [chuckles] Little girl, I've had lots of jobs in my day: Whale hunter, seal clubber, president of the Fox network ... and like most people, yeah, I've dealt a little ivory.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: He took Bart too?! [yells out the window] THAT WASN'T PART OF OUR DEAL BLACKHEART! THAT. WASN'T. PAAAAART!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: Hey, they're playing the elephant song! Jasper: I love that. Reminds me of elephants.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Smithers: I got a mink chamois, sir. I hope it-- [gasp] Oh, my God, Mr. Burns is dead! Aw! Why do the good always die so young? Mr. Burns: [emerges, strangles Smithers] You almost killed me! Smithers: Please, sir... [places towel on Burns' shoulders] you'll catch..cold.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a stone suddenly crashes through Burns' library glass window, landing at his feet] Mr. Burns: Oh, look. A bird has become petrified and lost its sense of direction. Smithers: I think it is a rock, sir. Mr. Burns: We'll see what the lab has to say about that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart turns on his model train and it leave the room] Milhouse: Where does it go? Bart: I don't know, but it won't be back for 3 hours, one time it had snow on it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Superintendent Chalmers: Seymour, you're fired. Principal Skinner: Did you just call me a liar? Superintendent Chalmers: No, I said you were fired. Principal Skinner: Oh. That's much worse.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Wow, that is the big Rice Krispie square I've ever seen! The rich sure know how to live.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Oh, my God... Someone's taken a bite out of the big Rice Krispie square! ...Oh, yeah, and the waiter's been brutally beaten, heh-heh.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, you didn't do a very good job frosting Maggie's birthday cake. [The cake reads, "Happy Birthday Magaggie".] Homer: What? It's not Magaggie's birthday?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If he marries your mother, Marge, we'll be brother and sister. And then our kids... they'll be horrible freaks with pink skin, no overbites, and five fingers on each hand! [Homer imagines his children as humans.] Homer: Aggh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Bouvier: Oh, Monty, I swear you're the devil himself. Mr. Burns: I...Who told you?! ...Oh, ah, yes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [after they build a barn from a pool kit] Alright, everybody in the pool! Amish Farmer: 'Tis a fine barn, but sure 'tis no pool, English. Homer: D'oh-eth!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [drowsy and in a Cuban accent] In America... first you get the sugar... then you get the power... then you get the women.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Lisa, stop that racket, I'm trying to fix your mother's camera. Easy... easy... [smashes camera] Hmmm... I'm gonna need a bigger drill.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Hey, everybody! Look at me! Turn this way right now! Sherri: Hey, it's Bart! Milhouse: And he's doing stuff! Principal Skinner: Bart, stop creating a diversion and get out of here!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: I beat the smart kids, I beat the smart kid - oh! [Ralph's action figures falls, and their heads come off] I bent my Wookiee.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mom, romance is dead. It was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hans Moleman is inside a phone booth at the bird sanctuary with birds attacking him.] Moleman: [Into phone] Hello, I need the largest seed bell you have. [Pause] No, that's too big!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I know what you're to, Mayor Terwigiger, and no-one in my family's gonna stand for it. (AWOOGAH!!) Abe: [on Matlock Ex. with Jasper] Move your goddarn house, son!!
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I wish I wish I hadn't killed that fish.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[returning to the past with a baseball bat] Homer: "Don't touch anything"?! I'LL TOUCH WHATEVER I FEEL LIKE! [Homer begins smashing everything in sight]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: You're still not in your own world, Homer. I can get ya home, but you have to do exactly as I-- (jab) AAARRRGGGHHH!!! [collapses with an ax in his back; Maggie removes her pacifier] Maggie: [In James Earl Jones's voice] This is, indeed, a disturbing universe.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wow! I'm the first non-Brazilian person to travel backwards through time. Mr. Peabody: Correction, Homer, you're the second. Sherman: That's right, Mr. Peabody. Mr. Peabody: Quiet, you.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: Hold on kids! I'm coming to rescue the lot of you! I'll - AOWWWW!!! Ugch, I'm bad at this.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jessica Lovejoy [to Bart]: I'm the minister's perfect daughter and you're just yellow trash. Bart: Huuhh?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: You're turning me into a criminal when all I want to be is a petty thug!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart [to Lisa about Jessica Lovejoy]: She's like a Milk Dud, Lis. Sweet on the outside, poison on the inside.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: All right, first academic alert: Wiggum, Ralph. Ralph: I won! I won! [walks on stage] Skinner: No, no, Ralph, this means you're failing English. Ralph: Me fail English? That's unpossible.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart walks into the kitchen with his baseball glove where Homer is sitting] Bart: C'mon dad; lets go throw the ol' baseball. Homer: Sorry Bart, I'm taking Lisa out for a gellati. We'd ask you to come but...ya know.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Oh, yes, we won! We won, we won! Uh, unfortunately, since I bet on the other team... we won't be going out for pizza. [his team sighs]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mom, Dad, this biography of Peter Ueberroth is only 99 cents. And I found the new Al Gore book. Marge: "Sane Planning, Sensible Tomorrow." Lisa: Yeah, I hope it's as exciting as his other book, "Rational Thinking, Reasonable Future".
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Aide: Mr Vice-President! Someone finally bough a copy of your book, sir! Al Gore: Well then, this calls for a celebration. [switches stereo on] Kool and the Gang: Celebrate good times, come on! Al Gore: I will.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: [to Homer] And I'm pulling your favorite song out of the jukebox. Homer: "It's Raining Men"?! Moe: Yeah, not no more, it ain't. [throws the record out the window which lands into Smithers' car] Smithers: Ow! [looks at the record] Ohhh.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait a minute... There's something bothering me about this place. [gasps] I know! This lesbian bar doesn't have a fire exit! Enjoy your deathtrap, ladies. (leaves) Lesbian: What was her problem?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The last bar in Springfield. If they don't let me in here, I'm going to have to quit drinking. Homer's Liver: Yay! Homer: Shut up, liver! [punches himself in the liver] Ow, my liver hurts.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grandpa: [Looking out the airplane window at the landing crew] Wow, we must be really flying high. Those people down there look all tiny and blurry, just like the inside of a cataract.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, what's wrong? Are you hungry? Sleepy? Gassy? Is it gas? It's gas, isn't it?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I just realized we never had a wedding for the cat and the dog. They've been living in sin. [Santa's Little Helper and Snowball II whimper miserably]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad, Mom's getting worse. You need to get her to a real psychiatrist; look how tense she is. Homer: She's fine. [realises Marge is sitting down with no sofa under her] Oh.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [to Marge] Did you talk about me in therapy today? Marge: I don't think so. Homer: Tell me the truth! [gasps] Don't tell her I raised my voice. [laughs nervously] Happy family, happy family...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Thank you, Doctor. Whenever the wind whistles through the leaves, I'll think "Lowenstein", "Lowenstein". Dr. Zweig: My name is Zweig. Marge: [whispering] Lowenstein...
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer holds Maggie for the first time.] Homer: Awww, it's a boy. [looking down] And what a boy! Dr. Hibbert: Uh... that's the umbilical cord; it's a girl.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Krusty is doing a lecture on clown pants] Krusty: Okay, we'll start off with baggy pwha -? Those are supposed to be baggy pants. BAGGY! Homer: Ohh! I've never had a pair of pants that fit this well in my life.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Krusty is doing a lecture on balloons] Krusty: These Krusty brand balloons are 3 bucks each. Get a cheap one, and what happens? Goes off! Takes out the eyeballs of every kid in the room! What's that gonna cost ya? [to his accontant] Hey, Bill, what'd that cost us?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty the Clown: Now, when the wealthy dowager comes in, the party's over, right? Wrong! [throws pie into dowager's face; her head cracks the wall] Homer: [taking notes] Kill, Wealthy, Dowager.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Mom, Dad, just so you don't hear any wild rumors, I'm being indicted for fraud in Australia. Homer: That's no reason to block the TV.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Australian man: You call that a knife? This is a knife. (takes out spoon.) Bart: That's not a knife. That's a spoon. Australian man: All right, all right, you win. Heh. I see you've played knifey-spooney before.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Patty: When are you going to wake up and smell your husband, Marge? Selma: Granted, you got some kids out of him. But when the seeds have been planted, you throw away the envelope.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Hey, Dad. Whatcha doin'? Homer: Daddy has very important work to do. He's looking through the want ads to find a part-time job. Lisa: Dad, that's a gag paper we got at the carnival. Homer: Oh. No wonder I didn't hear about Bart being elected world's greatest sex machine.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[as Bart runs away from the school bullies] Ballet teacher: Use the ballet!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wolfcastle: [looking at his feet] On closer inspection, these are Loafers.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:[laughing hysterically, but Marge and Jay are clearly displeased] This contest is over! Give that man the $10,000. Jay: This isn't "America's Funniest Home Videos". Homer: But...the ball! His groin! Ah ha! It works on so many levels! [laughs more] Roll it again.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: Smithers, are they booing me? Smithers: Uh no, they're saying "Boo-urns! Boo-urns!" Burns: Are you saying "boo" or "Boo-urns"? All: Boo! Hans Moleman: I was saying "Boo-urns."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jay Sherman: No Homer, I won't make fun, but I will suggest there may be better things in life than seeing a man get hit in the groin, with a football. (BWOING!!) Nelson: [offscreen] HA-HA!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [thinking] 'Hmm... Barney's movie had heart, but "Football in the Groin" had a football in the groin.' Barney: [onscreen] Don't cry for me, I'm already dead. Homer: Wow. I'll never drink another beer. Man: Beer here! Homer: I'll take ten.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: How are you doing in England? Remember, an elevator is called a lift, a mile is called a kilometer, and botulism is called steak and kidney pie.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: So, this driving on the left makes you feel more at home, huh, Hugh?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Aww, so that's wrong with the poor fella. He misses casual sex.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Okay, you can go out and play, but no more you-know-what in front of the house, all right? [done anyway] Hey! What did I just say?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Krabappel said you would give the teachers anything they wanted. Principal Skinner: She did? Bart: Yeah. She said you would fold faster than Superman on laundry day.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jasper: Talkin' out of turn.... That's a paddlin'. Lookin' out the window.... That's a paddlin'. Starin' at my sandals.... That's a paddlin'. Paddling the school canoe... Oh, you better believe that's a paddlin'.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Man, these are primo seats. I could really go for a hotdog. Marge: Homer, this is an operation! Vendor: Hotdogs! Get your hotdogs here! Homer: Woo-hoo!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Barney walks out of the Detox center into the Retox center] Barney: Hey Moe, what'll ya give me for an AA chip? Moe: Uh Barney, this is a 5-minute chip. Eh, it's worth a Pabst.
tv-simpsons	life	quip	general	0	Murphy: You've made an old jazzman happy, Lisa. Mufasa: You must avenge my death, Kimba -- I mean, Simba. Darth Vader: Luke, I am your father. James Earl Jones: This is CNN. Murphy: Will you guys pipe down? I'm saying goodbye to Lisa! Mufasa/Vader/Jones: We're sorry.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Marge is on the shooting range shooting cardboard cutouts of criminals and not shooting at civilians.] Chief Wiggum: (Tutting) You missed the baby, the blind man...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Shush, dear. You'll wreck daddy's fun. Ned: [singing] Bringing in the sheaves, bringing in ... [gasps] Oh, my Lord! Something horrible has happened! Homer: [uncontrollably laughing] Fooled you, Flanders. Made you think your family was dead!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Superintendent Chalmers: Why is it when I heard the word "school", and the word "exploded", I immediately thought of the word "Skinner"?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Ah, soon that mighty apparatus will burst forth with its precious fluid. Almost sexual, isn't it, Smithers?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Kids, would you step outside for a second? [Bart and Lisa run like hell. Homer stands up, hacks a gust of air] F - [...] Flanders: Good God! That's the loudest profanity I've ever heard!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Hibbert: Well, I couldn't possibly solve this mystery. Can you? [points at viewer as if he's breaking the fourth wall; camera zooms out to reveal he's actually pointing at Chief Wiggum] Chief Wiggum: Yeah, I'll give it a shot. I mean, it's my job, right? TO BE CONTINUED...
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Officers, arrest the baby! Chief Wiggum: Yeah, right, pops. No jury in the world is gonna convict a baby. Hmm... maybe Texas.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lionel Hutz: [to Milhouse] And your drug dealurr uh keeper awayer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rainer Wolfcastle: (as a wave of sulfuric acid washes over him) MY EYES!! The goggles do nothing!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: This is soooo relaxing. Homie, this is a wonderful idea. Homer: Hehehe, yeah. If that Mafia guy weren't staring at us, I'd take off my towel. Mafia Guy: [off-camera] Aw don't mind-a me. Look, I do it first. Marge: Hm?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Okay, don't panic! To find Flanders, you just have to think like Flanders... Homer's brain: I'm a big four-eyed lame-o. I wear the same stupid sweater everyday at-- Homer: The Springfield River!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned Flanders: Hi-dily ho, neglect-a-renos
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hey, Marge. Remember when we used to make out to this hymn? Marge: [giggles before shushing a giggling Homer]
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: The deep fryer's here! I got it used from the Navy. You can flash-fry a buffalo in 40 seconds. Homer: Forty seconds?! But I want it now!
tv-simpsons	life	quip	general	0	Homeless Man: Alfred Hitchcock stole every idea I ever had!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Pieces of Uncle Moe's family feedbag are being taken away] Moe: Get rid of it all. Barney: Hey Moe you could've at least kept the fire extinguishers. Moe: Nah, too many bad memories.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Lisa in his brother's room after giving Bart his soul back] Lisa: But you know Bart, some philosophers believe that nobody is born with a soul. [Bart eats the paper] That you have to earn one through suffering and thought and prayer, like you did last night.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[later in Storytown Village] Father Bear: "Somebody's been sleeping in my bed." Mother Bear: [distorted due to technical problems] Baby Bear: "Somebody's been sleeping in my bed." Abe: [gets up] Well, I'm sorry, but it was 150 degrees in the car!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[at Skinner's office] Skinner: Uh-oh. Two independent thought alarms in one day. The students are overstimulated. Willie, remove all the colored chalk from the classrooms. Willie: I WARNED YA!! Didn't I warn ya!? That colored chalk was forged by Lucifer himself!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (laughs) I've got your doughnut, Lard Lad! And what are you going to do about it?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Zip Boys mascots come to life] Old Jewish Man: Fellas! Where are you going at this hour? [their heads, being so huge, fall to the ground under their own weight and they drag them away] Hey! Don't scratch up them heads!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Seeing a very tall man Chief Wiggum pulls out his gun and shoots him] Wiggum: Aw, they're not so tough. Lou: Um...Chief, that wasn't a monster. That was the captain of the high school basketball team. Wiggum: Uh, yeah, well, he was turning into a monster, though.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart, don't you realize what this means? The next time we fall asleep, we could die! Abe: Eh, welcome to my world! [falls asleep]
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer's Brain: [as he enters the 3rd dimension] Oh, glory of glories. Oh, heavenly testament to the eternal majesty of God's creation. Homer: Holy macaroni!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: "Explosion imminent". [scrolls back through text, sees gas wasn't vented] Oh, my God! The plant's going to explode! [Power Plant. Carl and Lenny walk past the rumbling tank without a clue] Carl: Hey, that thing's going caca-cuckoo. Lenny: Who cares? It's Homer's problem.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: 'Bart and Lisa have to go to school while I get to stay ho-ome, na-na-na-na-na! Lisa: I like school. Homer: Well, why don't you live in it then? Lisa: I would if i could.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart fantasizes about being as fat as Homer and being on Workman's Compensation.] Bart: [Showing a rag on a stick] (southern accent) I wash myself with a rag on a stick. [The members of the press all applaud Bart.]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Homer has seemingly been sucked to his death in a hydro-electric turbine] Mr. Burns: Smithers, who was that corpse? Smithers: Homer Simpson, sir. [tearfully] One of the finest, bravest men to ever grace Sector 7-G... [calmly] I'll cross him off the list.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: [Reading Homer's tombstone upside down] Put out an APB on a Uosdwis R. Dewoh. Yea better start with Greek Town.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the post office] Mr. Burns: Yes, I'd like to send this letter to the Prussian consulate in Siam by aeromail. Am I too late for the 4:30 autogyro?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Mona: [as she is leaving] Don't worry, Homer. You will always be a part of me. [hits her head on the van] D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Simpsons enter the air show the squeaky voiced teen is standing at the gate in an Air Force uniform, directing traffic.] Bart: Way to guard the parking lot, top gun. Squeaky-Voiced Teen: I have three medals for this!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby: Our city will not negotiate with terrorists. Is there a city nearby that will? Colonel: No need, sir. We'll find that head case faster than Garfield finds lasagne. [pause] Oh..I'm..sorry. My wife thought that was gang busters.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: I would like to join your bowling team. Homer: You want to join my what? Smithers: You want to what his team?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	George Bush: If he thinks George Bush won't go into the sewer, well then he doesn't know George Bush.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Seeing Homer's Disco Stu jacket] Man: Hey Stu, you aught to buy this. Disco Stu: Hey, Disco Stu doesn't advertise.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Look at these low, low prices on famous brand-name electronics! Bart: Don't be a sap, Dad. These are just crappy knock-offs! Homer: Pfft! I know a genuine Panaphonics when I see one. And look, there's Magnetbox and Sorny.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: But Marge... valets! For once maybe someone will call me "sir" without adding "You're making a scene."
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Use an open faced club. A sand wedge. Homer: Mmm, open faced club sandwich.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer is putting the wrong score on his card] Tom Kite: Hey the point of cheating at golf is to lower your score.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After making a great shot] Tom Kite: Great shot Homer. Homer: You really think so? Tom: Yeah. Now all you need is your own set of clubs. And stay the hell out of my locker! You can keep the shoes.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Boy, I sure I could have a hundred tacos right about now. Marge: No! [yanks Bart. Comic Book Guy exits with a wheelbarrow full of tacos] Comic Book Guy: Yes, this should provide adequate sustenance for the Doctor Who marathon.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Troy McClure: Hello, I'm Troy McClure! You might remember me from such celebrity funerals as "Andre The Giant, We Hardly Knew Ye" and "Shemp Howard: Today We Mourn A Stooge."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Krabappel: "Embiggens"? I never heard that word before I came to Springfield. Miss Hoover: I don't know why. It's a perfectly cromulent word.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [ringing bell] Hear ye, hear ye! Ye olde town crier proclaimed crappy by all! Chooseth Homer Simpson, and he shalt rock thy world! Chief Wiggum: My God, he is fabulous! Principal Skinner: He's embiggened that role with his cromulent performance.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Doughnuts? I told you I don't like ethnic foods.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Chester: He didn't create Itchy: I did. Bart: Huh? Chester: He stole the character from me in 1928. When I complained, his thugs kicked me out of his office, and dropped an anvil on me. Luckily, I was carrying an umbrella at the time.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Watching "Amendment To Be", which has replaced "Itchy & Scratchy".] Bart: What the hell is this? Lisa: It's one of those campy '70s throwbacks that appeals to Generation X'ers. Bart: We need another Vietnam to thin out their ranks a little!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louie: Troy McClure!? You said he was dead! Fat Tony: No, what I said is that he sleeps with the fishes! You see... Louie: Uh, Tony, please, no. I just ate a whole plate of dingamagoo.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Doughnut? Lisa: No, thanks. Do you have any fruit? Homer: This has purple stuff inside. Purple is a fruit.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: [in awe] What is this place? Bart: Branson, Missouri. My dad says it's like Vegas... if it were run by Ned Flanders.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer makes a crank call to Moes] Homer: I'd like to speak to a Mr. Snotball, first name Eura? Moe: Eura Snotball? Homer: What?! How dare you?! If I find out who this is, I'll staple a flag to your butt and mail you to Iran!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[ Snake stops at a red light and sees Chief Wiggum crossing the street] Wiggum: Doughnuts, I got doughnuts. I got, hey I know you. [Snake wrecks his car while trying to run him down, then escapes on foot] Wiggum: Hey come back, we gotta swap insurance info.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Apu gets back to the Kwik-E-Mart and unlocks the door] Hans Moleman: You took away 5 minutes of my life and I want them back.[Thinks for a second] Aww I'd only waste them anyway.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Grandpa makes a dangerous deep water dive to rescue Bart from being drowned by Mr. Burns.] Bart: Sorry I made you lose the treasure, Grampa. Grampa: The treasure's not important, boy; the most important thing is that you're safe. Now, let's go get that treasure!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart is impressed with Grandpa's past heroism.] Bart: Grandpa, do you think I could have been in the Flying Hellfish? Grandpa: You're a give-em'-hell daredevil with a never-say-die attitude and a fourth-grade education! You could have made sergeant!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What you're saying is so understandable. And really, your only crime was violating U.S. law.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Aww, it makes no sense; I haven't changed since high school and suddenly I'm uncool.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During one of Homer's freak show performances.] Teenager #1: Oh look, there's that cannonball guy. He's cool. Teenager #2: Are you being sarcastic, dude? Teenager #1: [after a pause] I don't even know any more...
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Well, did you call one of your friends? Lisa: Hah! These are my only friends: grown up nerds like Gore Vidal, and even he's kissed more boys than I ever will. Marge: Girls, Lisa. Boys kiss girls.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Lisa finds out that the beach kids decorated the family car with seashells.] Homer: SWEET, MERCIFUL CRAP! My car!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: So, you like hanging out? Lisa: Well, it beats doin' stuff. Erin: Totally. Stuff sucks.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor Hibbert: Yes, I remember Bart's birth well. You don't forget a thing like... [dramatic] Siamese twins! Lisa: I believe they prefer to be called "conjoined twins". Doctor Hibbert: And Hillbillies prefer to be called "sons of the soil", but it ain't gonna happen!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Kodos: [Disguised as Bill Clinton] I am Clin-Ton. As overlord, all will kneel trembling before me and obey my brutal commands. End communication.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Kodos: My fellow Americans. As a young boy, I dreamed of being a baseball. But tonight I say, we must move forward, not backward, upward not forward, and always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom. [crowd cheers]
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[After Kang has been elected President and the aliens of Rigel 7 have enslaved Earth.] Marge: I don't understand why we have to build a ray gun to aim at a planet I never even heard of. Homer: Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos. [alien whips him] D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: I am not interested in buying the house, but I would like to use your restroom, flip through your magazines, rearrange your carefully shelved items and handle your food products in an unsanitary manner. HA! Now you know how it feels! Homer: Thank you, come again!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer has just walked in on Scorpio, who is tuning a giant death ray.] Scorpio: By the way, Homer, what's your least favorite country, Italy or France? Homer: France. Scorpio: [laughs] Nobody ever says Italy.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scorpio: Hey, look at my feet. You like those moccasins? Look in your closet; there's a pair for you. Don't like them? Then neither do I! [Throws them out the door.] Scorpio: Get the hell outta here! Ever see a guy say goodbye to a shoe? Homer: [chuckles] Yes, once.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scorpio: If you wanna kill somone on the way out. It would help me out a lot.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Smithers: What's wrong with this country. Can't a man walk down the street without being offered a job?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: [after being booed by the crowd at the fight] This just in: go to hell!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Moe is leading Homer into the women's room of Moe's Tavern] Homer: Wow, I've never been in here before. Moe: Yeah, when I realized that there haven't been any women in here since 1979, I turned it into an office.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, before you start boxing, I demand that you see a doctor. Homer: Okay honey.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Leaves the room] Marge: A competent doctor. Homer: [offscreen] D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucius Sweet: I need a body that can sustain verticality for 3 rounds.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[On television, a monstrously strong Drederick Tatum exits a jail cell threateningly] TV Announcer: Society put away Drederick Tatum for his brutal crime. But he's paid his debt, and now, he's going to get revenge... on Homer Simpson.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A shot of Homer, staring blankly, and getting powerfully punched in the face by Tatum's boxing glove; Homer's head explodes and morphs into the words: "Tatum vs. Simpson: PAYBACK"] Grampa & Bart: Yay! Bart: Woo hoo! Grampa: [to Maggie] That's your daddy.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Moe has stopped the boxing match after Homer is nearly killed] Lucius Sweet: You couldn't even give me one lousy round Moe. To me you will always be a loser now, take your check for $100,000 and get out of my sight.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[give Moe a check and walks away] Moe: I don't need your stinkin' charity.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Folds the check and puts it in his pocket] Larry: Hey, Casey Jones, where this train headed? Conductor: Springfield. Larry: Yeah, Yeah. What state? Conductor: This train going to
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: I should've known you were the only one stupid enough to kidnap you! Now get down here so I can spank you in front of this gawking rabble. Smithers, take off my belt. Smithers: With pleasure, sir.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Larry: Wow this is some party. If it gets any livelier a funeral's gonna break out.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Larry: Me and Pops, we started out great. But now it's falling apart like a Chinese motorcycle!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Larry: Oh, we've got to find a place to hide. Homer: The abandoned warehouse! [they enter the warehouse. Inside, people are busily working] D'oh! Stupid economic recovery.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Larry: Wow! This place is emptier than a Scottish pay toilet.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Larry Burns is sitting at the buffet, like it's his own dinner table] Larry: Pull up a seat Pops, you too Chuckles. The food ain't great, but the portions are terrific.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	[The insulted chef glowers at him] Larry: Hey I'm kiddin'. Give my regards to Mrs. Boyardee.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Larry: Hey, I got a wife an' kids. Oh, that reminds me. I told 'em I was going out for coffee. [Quickly looks at his watch] That was a week ago. They're probably wondering where I am.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Belle: Are you wearing a grocery bag? Homer: [dignified fashion] I have misplaced my pants.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You could close down Moe's or the Kwik-E-Mart and nobody would care, But the heart and soul of Springfield's inn, our Maison Derrière...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	• Showgirls: We're the highlights in your hairdo Apu: The extra arms on Vishnu Showgirls: So don't take the (BWONG!!) Men: We won't take the (VUUEH!!) Everyone: Yes, let's be the (DON!!) In Springfieeeeeld! (SPLAT!! DAHK!! BONG!! WOOGA!! KRRRE!! EHURP!!)
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, is this how you pictured married life? Homer: Yeah, pretty much, except we drove around in a van solving mysteries.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	(Lisa and Nelson have their first kiss) Lisa (in her mind): My first kiss! I always wondered what it would be like! Nelson (in his mind): This oughta shut her up! (pause): Hey, this ain't so bad...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dolph, Jimbo, and Kearny walk in on Lisa and Nelson kissing.] Dolph: Oh, man! You kissed a girl! Jimbo: That is so gay!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Simpsons are trying to solve a Rubik's Cube as a family] Bart: Turn the middle side topwise. Topwise! Marge: Now I remember why I'd put this down here in the first place.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jay Sherman: It stinks! It stinks! It stinks! Doctor: Yes, Mr. Sherman, everything stinks.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [sees Homer's figure in the lighthouse light] Hey Lise! Is that dad? Lisa: Either that, or Batman's really let himself go.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer dramatically reveals his wooden chili spoon.] Lenny: [whispering to Carl] They say he carved it himself... from a bigger spoon.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer points at the sky] Homer: In your face, space coyote! Marge: Space coyote?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Every time you go to that cook-off, you get as drunk as a poet on payday. Don't you remember what happened last year?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A flashback to last year shows Homer drunk, naked, and inside of a cotton candy machine] Homer: Look at me. I'm a puffy pink cloud.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Back in the present] Homer: Oh sure, everything's bad if you remember it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm a lonely, insignificant speck on a has-been planet orbited by a cold, indifferent sun!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Marge, driving the kids home without Homer] Bart: Where's Dad at? Marge: Your father decided he'd rather come home in a taxi. [To herself] Or a police car.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge you don't smoke. Marge: Well I thought I'd fill the house with the refreshing smell of tobacco.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer sees the "alien" in the woods for the first time Homer: [whimpers in fear] Please! Don't hurt me! Alien: Don't be afraid... Homer: YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!! [he runs away through a field of tall grass, spelling out "Yahhh!" as he does so]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wiseguy: Sorry, Donkey Kong, you're just not a draw anymore. [Donkey Kong roars and tosses a barrel at him.] Wiseguy: Hey he's still got it.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	(Fat Tony has just destroyed Hans Moleman's hot dog stand) Tony: This is a pretzel town, pretty boy.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (Gasp) You mean the mob only did me a favor to get something in return? (Disappointed) Fat Tony! I will bid good day to you sir! Fat Tony: Okay...I will go (exits the building)...Hey...wait a minute!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, did you tell the mob they could eliminate my competition with savage beatings and attempted murders? Homer: In those words? Yes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh lord, protect this rocket house and all who dwell within the rocket house!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Employees are teamed up by pulling names out of a hat] Smithers: [Draws a name] Homer Simpson, and [draws another] Mr. Burns? Homer: [Dissapointed] AWWW!! Homer's Brain: Quiet, you idiot. You're on the only team that can't possibly be fired. Homer: [Intrigued] Oh..
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Stay back! I have powers! Political powers! [A group of imaginary political figures appear at Homer's sides]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abraham Lincoln: [twirling a chain] It's SHOWTIME!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kearney: [as they walk through the park, things look more and more like nineteenth-century London] Extra, extra! Ripper strikes in Whitechapel! Skinner: Boy for sale! Boy for sale! Jimbo: Is this legal, man? Skinner: Only here, and in Mississippi.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shary: Hello, I'm Shary Bobbins. Homer: Did you say Mary Pop - Shary: [interrupts] No, I definitely did not! I'm an original creation, like Rickey Rouse and Monald Muck.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shary: [drunk] Wasted away again in Margaritaville Barney: Searching for my lost shaker of salt - oh, here it is.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after being struck by lightning] Mr. Burns: What's this strange sensation in my chest? Smithers: I think your heart's beating again. Mr. Burns: Oh, that takes me back. God bless you, Shary Bobbins.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: ...And the entire steel mill was gay. Moe: Pfft, where you been, Homer? Entire steel industry's gay. Yeah, aerospace too. And the railroads! And you know what else? Broadway!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my homosexuals fa-laming!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [seeing Krusty perform at prison] Wow! Those cons love Krusty! I guess inside every hardened criminal beats the heart of a ten-year-old boy. Lisa: And vice versa.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Bob: You wanted to be Krusty's sidekick since you were five! What about the buffoon lessons, the five years at clown college? Cecil: I'll thank you not to refer to Princeton that way.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: (covering Cecil's eyes) Guess who? Cecil: Maris?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Bye, Lisa. If anything goes wrong, just dial 911. Uh, unless it's an emergency. Lisa: G'bye, Chief. Enjoy Bob Saget. Chief Wiggum: Heh, it's Bob Seger. (He looks at the tickets and frowns) Aw, crap.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe (as he enters the bar, carrying a jug of green rat poison): Listen up! This is the busiest drinking day of the year. Where are the designated drivers? [Two men raise their hands]. BEAT IT! I got no room for cheapskates.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby: You can't seriously want to ban alcohol! It tastes great, makes women appear more attractive and makes a person virtually invulnerable to criticism!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Barney: Ow...! These gears down there really hurt!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rex Banner: [Overlooking the city] I'll get you, Beer Baron. Homer: [distant] No, you won't! Rex Banner: Yes, I will. Homer: Won't!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (final line of the episode): To alcohol! The cause of -- and solution to -- all of life's problems.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Bart are making bathtub gin and other liqor in the basement] Lisa: Now you're making your own alcohol? That's even more illegal than what you were doing before. Homer: Lisa remember we're disobeying an unjust law here. We're patriots, like... all those people in jail.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What happened to you Homer? And what have you done to the car? Homer: Nothing. Marge: I don't think it had broken axles before. Homer: Before, before. You're living in the past, Marge, quit living in the past!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait a minute. Bart's teacher's name is Krabappel? I've been calling her Crandall. Why didn't someone tell me? I've been making an idiot out of myself!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and then the baby looked at me.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Maude: Excuse me, Edna, I don't think we're talking about love here! We're talking about s-e-x, in front of the c-h-I-l-d-r-e-n! Krusty: "Sex Cauldron?" I thought they closed that place down!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Aww, Maggie, you got oatmeal all over. Homie, would you clean her off? Homer: Can do. (puts Maggie on the floor) Laddie! (whistling) Come here, boy! Who wants to lick a messy baby?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart is burying his credit card while mobsters are burying a dead body nearby] Louie: We didn't see nutin' if you didn't see nutin'.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: So I commited a little mail fraud. Haven't I've been punished enough?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'm going to get the dog back! Homer: The bad dog or the good dog? Bart: The bad dog. Homer: Oh, good.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Excuse me, did you repossess this dog from a guy named Santos L. Harper? Repo Man: Yeah, I remember this mutt. We sold him to some guy wearing a dress.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At Patty and Selma's front door] Selma: No Bart, I did not buy your dog. Now, I gotta go keep an eye on Selma. She thinks she swallowed a band aid.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart gives a puzzled look] Willy: Ye heard me!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Lovejoy: ..And the very same goes for Ezekiel. Which brings us back to our starting point, "the Nine Tenets of Constancy." Homer: Haah... [bang] DAMMIT!!!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, I'd love to go with you honey, but I got a lot of work to do around the bed. Marge: Homer, the Lord only asks for an hour a week. Homer: Well in that case he should've made the week an hour longer. Lousy God.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hi, Grimey old buddy! Grimes: I'm not your buddy, Simpson. I don't like you. In fact, I hate you! Stay the hell away from me, because from now on, we're enemies! Homer: [haltingly] Okay... Do I have to do anything?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: [When the rats go into his bar] OK, everybody tuck your shirts into your socks.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: [to Chief Wiggum] Daddy, when I grow up, I wanna be just like you. Skinner(aka Skinny Boy): Better start eating, son. Chief Wiggum: Start eating? Ralph: I didn't mean it that way.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Military school?! You guys lied to me! Homer: Well, I'm sorry if you heard "Disneyland," but I distinctly said, "Military school."
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Cadet: I can't believe they let a girl in! Cadet #2: Don't worry, we'll drive her out of the academy! That is why God invented hazing.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Group of cadets coming back to school at night dressed in civilian clothes] Cadet #1: I'm glad we snuck into town. That was some GOOD corn!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: New York is a hellhole. And you know how I feel about hellholes. Lisa: Dad, you can't judge a place you've never been to. Bart: Yeah, that's what people do in Russia.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm gettin' out of this town alive if it kills me!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer tries klav kalash from a street vendor] Homer: Now, what do you have to wash that awful taste out of my mouth? Klav Kalash vendor: Mountain Dew or crab juice. Homer: Blech! Ew! Geez... I'll take a crab juice.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After drinking several crab juices] Homer: Hey, do you have a men's room in there? Klav Kalash vendor: Only Klav Kalash. Men's room in tower.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: And that's when the Chuds came at me...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sign on bathroom door in tower: Out of order, please use other tower. Homer D'oh! Homer: Hey! Hey! HEY!! Worker: What? Homer: Your boss told you you're fired! Worker: I'll get him.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: A rose by any other name would smell as sweet. Bart: Not if you called 'em stench blossoms. Homer: Or crapweeds. Marge: I'd sure hate to get a dozen crapweeds for Valentine's Day. I'd rather have candy. Homer: Not if they were called scumdrops.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: They gave me a choice: jail, the army, or apologize to the judge and old lady. Of course, if I knew there was a war going on, I probably would have apologized.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Agnes: I have one stranger and one fraud.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Michigan J Frog: [singing] We're proud to present on the WB, Another bad show that no one will see! [walk away] I need a drink.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [Looking at Bart's picture] Oh what a beau... Aaah! Burn it! Send it to hell!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby: You are all hereby found guilty of the crime of witchcraft. I sentence you hags to be burned at the stake until you are deemed fit to re-enter society.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Maude Flanders: [looks at witches] Oh, Neddie, look at them up there, plotting our doom. They could force us to do wanton acts of carnality. Ned Flanders: [scoffs] Yeah, that'll be the day.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You're mutants? Moe: Uh, we don't like the word "mutants", Homer. We prefer "freaks" or "monsters".
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [mistaking Edgar and Johnny Winter for mutants] Die, you chalk-faced goons!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	TV Commercial Voice: You'll see all your favorite soccer stars. Like Ariaga! Ariaga II! Bariaga! Aruglia! And Pizzoza! Homer: Oh, I never heard of those people. TV Commercial Voice: And they'll all be signing autographs! Homer: Woo-hoo!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'd like to buy your deadliest gun, please. Wiseguy: Aisle six, next to the sympathy cards.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Going through accessories for Homer's new gun] Wiseguy: And this is for shooting down police helicopters. Homer: Oh, I don't need anything like that... yet.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Just give me my gun! Wiseguy: Sorry, the law requires a five day waiting period. We've got to run a background check. Homer: Five days?! But I'm mad now! Oh, I'd kill you if I had my gun...! Wiseguy: Yeah, well, you don't.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I'm sorry Homer, no weapons. Homer: A gun is not a weapon, Marge. It's a tool. Like a butcher knife, or a harpoon, or...uh, a...an alligator.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Todd Flanders: We don't have to play football, do we Daddy? Ned Flanders: Oh, you betcha. Team sports will keep you away from temptations like rock music and girls. Rod and Todd: Yay!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You shouldn't pressure Bart like that. Homer: Well, if you have a better way of living through my son, I'd like to hear it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:[talking to his football team] Good practice team. Ok, its time for the easiest part of any coach's job-the cut. Now, while I wasn't able to cut everybody I wanted to, I have cut a lot of you.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hello, son. I wanna apologize. I just got so caught up trying to encourage you I was blinded to your stinky performance. If you forgive me, I promise I'll never encourage you again.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson's Father: Good game, son. Come on, I'm taking you to Hooters. Nelson: Ah...but I don't wanna bother mom at work.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: Is it just me or do all of your plans involve some horrible web of lies? Homer: It's you.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: Baloney! You came here to put me in a home. Homer: You're already in a home. Grampa: Oh how could you?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Moe, what do you recommend for severe depression? Moe: Booze, booze, and more booze. Lenny: Ha. Nothing like a depressant to chase the blues away.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [scoffs] Facts are meaningless. You can use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true. Facts schmacts.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Science! What has science ever done for us? TV off. [TV turns off]
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: What is it, Lisa? Lisa: It looks like a human skeleton, but these other bones almost look like wings. Ned: You mean like an angel? Lisa: Well, obviously that's impossible-- Moe: Lisa's right, it's an angel! Homer: Now that's interesting.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I just think it's a fantasy. If you believe in angels why not sea monsters, unicorns or leprechauns? Kent Brockman: Oh, that's a bunch of baloney, Lisa. Everyone knows leprechauns are extinct.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Oh, I wish I'd never found those stupid bones. It's time to put an end to this. Bart, I'm borrowing your blue crowbar. Bart: Good old Bluey. Marge: Hey, she's going to smash the angel. Homer: Somebody stop her!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I don't understand, professor. Why didn't your tests show that the skeleton was a fake? Dr. Gould: I'm going to be honest with you Lisa, I never did the tests. [walks away]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Trying is the first step toward failure.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:Seat belts? They kill more people than they save. Lisa:That's not true, you're thinking of airbags!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: What the--? This is Wiggum reporting a 3-18: Waking a police officer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Snake: Hey, that smells like regular! She needs Premium, dude! Premium! Dude!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Thank you, Bart, thank you, Lisa, for all your help! Homer: What about me? You didn't thank me. Bart: You didn't do anything. Homer: I like being thanked.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Mel: You only live once! Apu: Hey, speak for yourself!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	(After finding out that the Simpsons Christmas tree was burned and buried in the snow and Bart lied about the burglar taking everything) Moe: [disillusioned] So this was all a scam. And on Christmas. Barney: Yeah. Jesus must be spinning in his grave!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, kids, let's go buy some happiness!
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: This year's tree is just perfect. That aluminum one was so fake. Marge: I couldn't agree more. From now on it's plastic all the way.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Hey, since when is Christmas just about presents? Aren't we forgetting the true meaning of this day... the birth of Santa?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wiggum: Now, um, what did this Christmas thief look like? Bart: Well, he had a glass eye, a wooden leg, a big scar on his cheek. Wiggum: Anything unusual?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Kent: So when you realized Christmas was ruined, how did you feel? Marge: [annoyed] How'd you think I felt? Kent: Absolutely devastated? [turns to camera] "Absolutely devastated," the words of a heartbroken mother.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: There was no burglar. I accidentally burned up the tree. And the presents. I'm really sorry. Lisa: Why you little-! [Runs over and starts strangling Bart] Homer: Lisa, no! Your hands are too weak! [He strangles Bart]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Sounds like you're having a rough Christmas. You know what I blame this on the breakdown of? Society. Homer: [drunk] Yeah, you're right, Moe... you're always Moe.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent: In my long career, I've seen some pretty shabby things, but this putrid fraud out-stinks them all. Cameraman: And cut. Kent: I just wanna thank you folks so much! This has turned out to be a great, great story for me.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: We got the popcorn. Did you get Waiting to Exhale? Homer: Well, they put us on a Waiting to Exhale waiting list, but they said don't hold your breath.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Snake: [singing] A singing family, it's worse than I feared For hostage purposes, you're just too weird Bye.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Snake: [singing] Say your prayers, and then it's ka-blammo! [Snake fires, but hears nothing but a click] Snake: [singing] I'll be back, when I get some ammo! Bye!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cooder: [Explaining the ring toss booth] The main thing is to bring in the rubes. Spud: Do whatever it takes. Sweet talk, insults, slang from the '30s that no one uses anymore. Bart: Like "rubes"? Spud: Now you're on the trolley.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carnival Owner: Some say the skeleton of Hitler himself is in the trunk. But, I'm a busy man, and I haven't had the time to look.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cooder: Hey, you lost your money fair and square! I didn't scam nobody! Homer: [laughing] Put down your stick. We're here to work. Bart: Starting today, we're carnies, just like you. Cooder: Well, in that case, let me show you how I scammed you.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: You wrecked Hitler's car! What did he ever do to you?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The experts say that if you want an animal to do something, you should do it yourself first to show him how. Marge: [angry] I'm not going to the bathroom in the backyard! Homer: Sorry, Your Majesty.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I always say: a boy can learn more at an airport then he can at any school.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Rev. Lovejoy: (preaching at church) This so called "new religion" is nothing more than a bunch of weird rituals designed to take away the money of fools. Now, let's say the Lord's prayer 40 times but first let's pass the collection plate.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glen: Your family will be housed here for the first 100,000 years, then something might open up in a double. Homer: Why even unpack?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Glen: Outsiders have kidnapped some of our property. We must respond with our deadliest weapon. Jane: [sinister] The lawyers.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: It's wonderful to think for ourselves again. Bart: You said it, sister. TV voice-over: You are watching Fox. Homer, Marge, Bart, and Lisa: We are watching Fox.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I've learned that he's not using our money to build a spaceship. [starts opening the barn] He's using our money to [Looks inside and sees a flying saucer] build one hell of a spaceship.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Sherri/Terri: I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sherri: This is all Lisa's fault! She had the idea of that stupid UN club! Lisa: Hey, Martin seconded the motion. It's entirely his fault. Nelson: People, people, let's not blame each other. We all know this is Milhouse's fault.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: All we could find are these oozing berries, and they look pretty poisonous. Ralph: I eated the purple berries. Bart: How are they Ralph? Good? Ralph: [collapsing in pain] They taste like burning.
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, they have the Internet on computers now.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Moe is presenting Krusty's return to comedy] Moe: Hi, how're you folks doin'? I'm Moe, or as the ladies like to call me,"hey you, behind the bushes". [the audience doesn't respond]; [Moe taps on the microphone] Is this thing on? Barney: No. Sorry, Moe. [Turns on the microphone]
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Oh, look! This is the perfect chance to get you kids some nice church shoes! [Bart and Lisa sigh] Bart: What do we need church shoes for, Jesus wore sandals. Homer: Well, maybe if he had better arch support they wouldn't have caught him.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:(drunk at Moe's) Here's to Marge! And all the blissful years I've spent hiding from her in this bar!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: It's been four years since my last date with a whatchoo-call-it, uh, woman.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Don't give up Moe. The girl of your dreams has gotta be in some bar.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: [upon hearing his player's club card is maxed out] Well, that's it. It's over. Renee ain't gonna want to hang around with no Joe pinch-penny. Homer: Come on, Moe. Think of all the things you have to offer her besides money. Moe: I need cash, and lots of it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Hawaii here we come. Ananakooli, Makawani, Ana-ona, Nanawula Wa, Hawaii...ha Homer: Hawaii? What about Hawaii? Moe? Who's going to Hawaii? Am I going to Hawaii? Wiggum: Stop saying Hawaii in there.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (scooting a cart of book to Moe's Tavern with his right leg) Must kill Moe. (holds onto the cart, riding along happily) WHEEE!!! (goes back to scooting) Must kill Moe. (holds again) WHEEE!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Homer! Thank God! You gotta help me! Homer: [picks up a flaming 2x4] Oh I'll help you...help you die! Barney: [emerging from the bathroom to see Homer and Moe unconcious] Moe! Homer! [screams as he sees the fire heading towards the counter] Aagh! The booze!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Oh, Homer! I've been the world's biggest rat. Can you ever forgive me? Homer: Aww, I could never stay mad at you, Moe. After all, you get me drunk!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hey, I thought your mother told you to take a bath! Bart: Yeah, mom says a lot of things. Homer: Oh, I understand, kids. I'm not a bath man myself, more of a cologne man.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa:(talking to Lisa) Your dad used to be as smart as a monkey. Then his mind started gettin' lazy, and now he's a dumb as a chimp.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Troy McClure: Hi, I'm Troy McClure. You may remember me from such medical films as "Alice Doesn't Live Anymore" and "Mommy, What's Wrong with that Man's Face?"
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: (about Lisa) Aw, she's just upset 'cause I told her her brain's turnin' to mush. On account of the Simpson gene! Marge: "Simpson gene?" That's just foolishness! Grampa: No. Baldness, too.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dear log, can it be true? Do all Simpsons go through a process of dumbening? Wait, that's not how you spell "dumbening". Wait, dumbening isn't even a word. Hmm, I've got to find out more.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I'm strongly opposed to Proposition umm 3-3-0-5... TV Producer: You're against discount bus fares for war widows? Lisa: You bet I am!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [on TV] I'm supposed to be talking to you today about Proposition 3305... Homer: Moochin' war widows!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Talking about Lisa] Bart: Lisa insulted us, Mom. She thinks she is so great. I'll dance on her grave. Marge: Bart! Bart: [clueless] What? Oh, napkin, right.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rod and Todd: [Reading the offensive baseball cap] "Show...me...your"- Hey! [Ned covers their eyes] Ned: It says "show me your tie". It's cute. C'mon let's go!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph Wiggum: I found a moon rock in my nose. Bart: Houston, we have a booger.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Your dad is chief of police, doesn't he have any cool police stuff? Ralph: Just in his closet, but he said I'm not allowed to go in there. Bart: Did he say I'm not allowed to go in there? Ralph: Yes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum:(to Ralph) You know you're not suppose to go in there. What is your fascination with my forbidden closet of mystery?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph Wiggum: The pointy kitty took it! (after a rat stole his key)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Lisa's model rocket flies into Mr. Burns's office at the nuclear plant) Mr. Burns: Smithers! There's a rocket in my pocket. Smithers (suggestively): You don't have to tell me, sir.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Whoa, mama, the electric chair! (sniffs) Smell that, Ralph? That's the smell of justice. Ralph: Smells like hot dogs.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: What a whimsical building. Who says science can't be fun? Bart: Me. I smell a museum. Homer: Yeah, good things don't end with -eum, they end with -mania, or -teria. Will there be beer?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughnut 1: Homer Simpson, you stand accused of eating half the population of the planet of the doughnuts! Doughnut 2: As Homer's defense attorney, I feel we should be mercifu-- hey! Did you just take a bite out of me? Homer: Uh... maybe.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: No way, man! My hair is who I am! [the barbers shave Homer anyway. Outside, Barney, Moe and others hold their shaven hair while Homer has the two strands that are left of his hair] Ow, I'm a freak!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: There, the perfect sheepshank! Drill Sergeant: Very nice, Simpson. But next time, tie the other end to the ship! [a large vessel drifts away, out to sea, and off a waterfall] Homer: Oh-hoh..!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Hey, Bart. Check out my new earring. Pretty cool, huh? Bart: Milhouse, my mom wears earrings. Do you think she's cool? Milhouse: No, I think she's hot! Sorry, it just slipped out.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What on earth possessed you to getting an earring? Bart: Milhouse has one. Marge: If Milhouse jumped off a cliff-- Bart: Milhouse jumped off a cliff? I'm there!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Well, I guess that's everyone. Except earring boy. Bart: Come on, dad didn't you do anything wild when you were a kid? Homer: Well, when I was 10 I got my ears pierced. But this is completely different! Bart: Fine, take it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Tenille: I'm a man of few words. [long pause] Any questions? Homer: Is a poop deck really what I think it is? Captain Tenille: [chuckles] I like the cut of your jib. Homer: What's a jib? Captain Tenille: [laughs] Promote that man.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Barney: Mayday, mayday! The engine room has sprung a leak! It's filling up with a clear, non-alcoholic liquid! Homer: You mean water? Barney: Yeah, that's it.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I put the tax forms on the top of your "to do" pile a month ago. Homer: I have a "to do" pile?! (looks at the mountain of papers next to him on the end table, which wasn't there before)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: [Pointing to a display case] Oh, you'll find this amusing: the suit Chaplin was buried in.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Agent Johnson: We believe Burns still has the bill hidden somewhere in his house, but all we've ascertained from satellite photos is that it's not on the roof.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: See with your eyes, not with your hands! Fidel Castro: Please! We are all amigos here! Homer: Mr. Burns, I think we can trust the President of Cuba! [Mr. Burns reluctantly hands over the money] Mr. Burns: Now give it back. Fidel Castro: Give what back?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Store Clerk: May I inquire as to how you are differently abled? Homer: Oh, I'm not handicapped. I'm just lazy. Store Clerk: Sir, helper monkeys are only for the physically disabled or enfeebled. Homer: Enfeebled, I know just the guy.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: They want sentiment? I'll pump 'em so full of sap they'll have to blow their nose with a pancake!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'll show Lisa who's dumb. [He picks up newspaper] Bart: Supreme Court reverses...uuuhh, I won't turn to the comics, I won't turn to the comics! All right, I'll read one comic just to get me rolling. Archie. "Hey, Jughead, did you hear, the Supreme Court reversed"...ooohh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad, is this another one of those situations that could be solved by a simple apology? Homer: I never apologize, Lisa. I'm sorry, but that's just the way I am.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I wanna register the booth for sanitation commissioner! And tell the fat cats upstairs, "Things are gonna change in this town!" Wiseguy: OK, but is where you register as a sex offender. [Moe enters] Moe: Aw geez, there's always a line...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: You're gonna need to come up with a slogan that people are gonna remember you by. Homer: Awwh, can't someone else do it? Moe: "Can't someone else do it?" That's perfect. Homer: Really?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Rainier Wolfcastle: McBain to base. Under attack by commie Nazis. They won't stop me for delivering these UNICEF pennies. Go pennies, help the puny children who need you.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Marge uses a telescope to look up at the mountain Homer just climbed] Marge: Is that your wallet? Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer decides to take up running] Homer: Well, let's get started. [Begins to run, and when he is almost kneeling for exhaustion, sees he only got as far as the mailbox "Flanders"] D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If you're trying to scare me, it won't work. I'm 100% focused on my goal. Hey, my hat has ear-flaps.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Sorry, Marge, I only eat food in bar form. When you concentrate food, you unleash its awesome power, I'm told. That's why I'm compressing 5 pounds of spaghetti into one handy mouth-sized bar. [He swallows the bar. Then dials the phone] Hospital, please.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Hmmmm... anyway, it's time for the church picnic. Homer: What? They had a picnic last week. Marge: No, they didn't. You just brought a bucket of chicken to church. Homer: If God didn't wan't us to eat in church, he would have made gluttony a sin.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm getting light headed. Good, no heavy head to carry.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A portable toilet is knocked over, exposing Comic Book Guy] Comic Book Guy: Oh! It appears I will have to find a new Fortress of Solitude.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Powersauce Representitive: Mr. Wolfcastle we have the perfect idea for a Powersauce commercial. You-- Wolfcastle: I love it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bus Driver: Last stop. End of the line.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I know I'm not normally a praying man, but if you're up there, please, save me, Superman!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Stupid risks are what make life worth living.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[as Homer and Lisa are breaking into the Springfield Museum] Homer: Could you open the window? The police have Daddy's prints on file.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Are you sure you don't want to go to the doctor? I mean, a drawbridge did close on your head. Homer: Nah, I'll just walk it off.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: Shouldn't you be at work right now? Homer: Uh yes sir, Mr. Burns, sir. Burns: Well then, get back to wherever it is you work, whoever you are.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: A bus? Alone? Absolutely not. It's just too dangerous for an 8-year-old. In a few years when you're old enough to drive, then you can take the bus.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Ta-da! Notice anything new? Marge: Bart, What have I told you about throwing money away on this joke shop? Bart: Try and cut back a little? Marge: (Groans) Take these silly things off. Bart: It won't come off.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Marge rush over to some garden ornaments naked; Marge stands behind birds and a flower, Homer stands behind two lumberjacks sawing a log] Homer: Marge, can we switch? I don't trust these guys.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge:You don't think there's anything wrong with what we're doing, do you? Homer:I don't think anything I've ever done is wrong.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Wow! An alternate ending to Casablanca. Bart, this could be priceless! Bart: Priceless like a mother's love, or the good kind of priceless?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: When we got married, is this how you thought we'd be spending our Saturdays? Driving out to the boondocks to buy a refrigerator motor? Homer: Naw, I never thought I'd live this long.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Yeah, I thought Bart would be born a dimwit! Hahaha! Marge: Heh, heh, mmm...yeah.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Boy, I'll tell you, they only come out at night... or, in this case, the day.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Marge have ended up naked in the middle of a football game in the Springfield Stadium] Homer: [to the audience; annoyed] Why don't you take a picture?! It lasts longer! [everyone begins taking pictures] D'OH! Marge: It would have to be camera day...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: And the doctor told me that both my eyes were lazy, and that's why it was the best summer ever! Ms. Hoover: Thank you Ralph. Now take your seat. [Ralph exits the classroom] Nelson: [offscreen] Hey Blindy, have a nice trip! Ralph: Aah! Nelson: Ha-ha!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Used grease is worth money? Then my arteries are clogged with yellow gold!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, I'm a little busy right now achieving financial independence. Marge: With cans of used grease? Homer: (mockingly) No, through savings and wise investments! Of course with grease.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex: Your name's Lisa? Shut up, I love that name! Lisa: Did she just tell me to "shut up?" Skinner: Take it outside.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Lisa, I can't imagine anyone being more likable than you. But apparently this new girl is. So my advice would be to start copying her in every way.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, I can't believe those goons muscled me out of my grease business. I've been muscled out of everything I've ever done, including my muscle for hire business. Marge: Oh, poor Homey. Couldn't you try some other far-out, moneymaking scheme?
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Marge:I brought you a tuna sandwich. They say it's brain food. I guess because there's so much dolphin in it, and you know how smart they are.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman:In other news, Thomas Edison-the greatest inventor of all time-is apparently still inventing despite the notable handicap of being dead! Homer: That's my Tommy!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad, women won't like being shot in the face. Homer: Women will like what I tell them to like.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(at an arcade) Nelson: What can I get for 8,000 tickets? Clerk: Uh, a BB gun or an Easy Bake Oven. Nelson: Hmmm...Hot food is tempting, but I just can't say no to a weapon.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [At the top of his voice] MILHOUSE!!! Milhouse: What? Homer: TELL BART TO COME HOME!!! Milhouse: I think he's at Nelson's! Homer: WHO'S NELSON?!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Troy McClure: Hi, I'm Troy McClure. You may remember me from such nature films as Earwigs, Eww! and Man vs. Nature: The Road to Victory.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [to Marge] Everyone thinks they're monsters. But I raised them and I love them. I know that's hard to understand. Marge: Mmmm. Not as hard as you think.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: This is the most exciting thing I've seen since Halley's Comet collided with the moon. Lisa: That didn't happen, Dad. Homer: Sure it didn't.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby: [to Bart] For decimating our pigeon population and for making Springfield a less oppressive place to while away our worthless lives, I present you with this scented candle.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, Kang is Maggie's father. Homer: (gasps) You intergalactic hussy! How could you?! (starts crying) Was he better than me?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the Jerry Springer Show, after Kang brings out flowers for Marge and kisses her hand. Homer begins wailing on him] Homer: You, one-eyed, two-timing (bleep, bleep)! I'm gonna (bleep)! Kang: Oh yeah?! Well (bleep) you, hyperbolic parabaloid! (bleep) yo mama!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [After changing Lisa and the TV screen into red] Whoa! Cool! Lisa: [Holding the Remote Control] Bart, quit it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scratchy:[to Bart and Lisa] Why are you laughing? Itchy: [to Scratchy] Hey, they're laughing at your pain. Scratchy: [Reattaches his head to his body] That's mean. Itchy: Let's teach 'em a lesson. [shaking Scratchy's hand]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(on The Jerry Springer Show) Audience Member: I got a question for that gross thing, whatever it is. Jerry Springer: Homer? Audience Member: Nah, the green dude.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa:(speaking to Homer) You promised to take us to the lake. Homer: I promise you kids lots of things. That's what make me such a good father. Lisa: Actually, keeping promises would make you a good father. Homer: No that would make me a great father.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man: Sir you can't operate a boat under the influence of alcohol. Homer: Oh, that sounds like a wager to me.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:(while parasailing) Ooh, I'm soaring like a candy wrapper caught in an updraft!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: When was the last time Barbra Streisand ever did the laundry for you? And when it's time to do the dishes, where's Ray Bolger?! I'll tell you where! Ray Bolger is looking out for Ray Bolger!!!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer Simpson: Hear ye, hear ye! The intergalactic jester proclaims this conformity factory closed! [Kids cheer and burst out of the school] Principal Skinner: 15 years of loyal service and this is how they tell me? A jester with an invisible proclamation?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Young Homer on mural: How could you let me turn into you? Homer: But-but-but the poncho-- Young Homer: "But-but-but the poncho!" Hit the road, square.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart and Lisa are outside the boys' bathroom) Lisa: Hey, I can't go in there! Bart: Relax, there's nothing here you didn't see when Dad boycotted pants.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart and Lisa knock on a closed stall door in the boys' bathroom) Nelson: Hang on I'll buzz you in. [short pause] Buzz.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer Hurry up my arms are getting cold.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Lisa sneezes inside the freezer Marge arrives) Marge Oh my goodness! Homer get her out of there!" Homer Aw!(Pulls Lisa out of the freezer shivering holding an ice cream can) Homer (Picks the ice cream can from Lisa) Sherbert Hoover. (throws it back on the freezer)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If I die in the operation, will ya do one thing for me. Marge: Oooh, anything sweetheart. Homer: (serious tone) Blow up the hospital.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(after hearing Homer's story of how he ran away from his dying father after promising him one of his kidneys) Concertina Player: (in a French accent): I stole this accordian from a blind monkey, but you (spits): You disgust even me!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After being tossed off of the Ship of Lost Souls, AKA Honeybunch, watching it sail away into the fog) Homer: That's the last time I trust the strangest people on Earth!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:I'm the luckiest man in the world, now that Lou Gehrig's dead.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby:Oh God. Can't this town go one day without a riot?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: (after giving a bribery to Mayor, and from this start walking some cockroaches) We're working on that 'roach situation, I swear to God! Mayor: (pauses briefly, then takes the money) Well, you should see the hospital.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby: Luke, do something! Use your Lightsaber! Mark Hamill: What, and break it!? You know George Lucas made me pay for these.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: Tell me, how do you feel about 45-year-old virgins who still live with their parents? Female Comic Book Fan: Comb the SweetTarts out of your beard, and you're on. Comic Book Guy: Don't try to change me, babe.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank Nelson Type: YEEEEEESSSSSS? Homer: Do you have a table for the mayor? Frank Nelson Type: YEEEEEESSSSS! Homer: Why do you talk like that? Frank Nelson Type: I had a strrroooke!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh My God, I killed the Mayor! Alright, stay calm. I'll just use the body to stage an elaborate farce a la Weekend At Bernie's.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Homer fights for his life against one of Fat Tony's men] Mark Hamill: Homer, use the-! Homer: The Force? Mark Hamill: The forks! Use the forks!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer attending a Leavelle's body guard school] Leavelle: Your loyalty is to your protectee. Not to you country. Not to your family. [turns to Homer] Not even to Moo-Hammid. Homer: Even during Ramadan? Leavelle: Shut your sass-hole boy.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Milking rats! THEY'RE MILKING RATS! Mayor Quimby: (to Fat Tony) Rats?! You promised me dog or higher!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Casino worker:Someone dishonoring their marriage vows!? Not in Las Vegas.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Slave girl! Oh, slave girl! Waitress: More libations, my imperial conqueror?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: So what about all this meat? Homer: Ah, the missus will clean that up. Marge: Now it's Marge's time to shine!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Gonzo: That sure was a fun trip to Las Vegas. Raoul Duke: Auh, too many kids.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After running over somone in the dust cloud] Lisa: Dad, you hit Don Rickles! Don Rickles: [under the car] I'm okay, but some Puerto Rican guys are trying to steal your hubcaps. Just kidding, I'm a nice guy....
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: So, You Enjoy this movie, Kids? Aah! Listen up punks. The moral of the story is, the adults always win! Waaarrgh! For crying out loud, Eddie. You scared the hell out of me. Eddie: Sorry, Chief.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Tune in tomorrow, and every day, until the curfew is lifted, because we'll be revealing embarrassing secrets about Springfield's other adults. Homer: Well, at least they've already done me. Bart: And we have plenty more on Homer Simpson. Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: And guess who's been practicing medicine without a license? [Dr. Hibbert looks around nervously] Lisa: That's right...Homer Simpson! Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: "Legends of Comedy", my tuchis! What has Fatty Arbuckle done that I haven't done?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Bye weeks. Bronko Nagurski didn't get no bye weeks, and now he's dead! [pause] Well... maybe they're a good thing.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: All right, you guys have had way too much booze. [holds up some fresh bottles of Duff] Last call! [The others clamour for the beer, getting overly rowdy] Chief Wiggum: [aims a pistol at them] Come on! Give me an excuse!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Guard: Players and VIP's only!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer sings to the tune of Goldfinger.] Homer: Max Power He's the man whose name you'd love to touch But you musn't touch His name sounds good in your ear But when you say it, you musn't fear 'Cause his name can be said By anyone
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Burns walks in.] Mr. Burns: Ah, Max Power! How's every little thing? Homer: You remembered my name! Mr. Burns: Well, who could forget the name of a magnetic individual like you? Keep up the good work, Max! Homer: Mr. Power. Mr. Burns: Yes, Mr. Power.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Max: Awww, this is the worst party ever. Marge: Remember that New Year's Eve party at Lenny's? He didn't even have a clock.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer Everybody's marriages is falling apart except ours. You see the problem is communication.... too much communication.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Will you stop it! It's easy to blame ourselves, but it's even easier to blame Apu!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart Simpson: I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks and blows.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:I'm gonna die! Jesus, Allah, Buddha, I love you all!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [as he and the kids run from stampeding rhinos] I'll take care of this! JUMANJI! [the rhinos keep charging] Does anything from the movies actually work!?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mom, Bart took what I said and turned it into an insult!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Relax, Lisa! Meet your new comically mismatched roommate, Bart Simpson! (hums The Odd Couple Theme) Bart: I'm gonna make your life a living hell. Homer: (hums The Odd Couple theme and shoves Lisa in)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (while in the sensory deprivation chamber, to the tune of The Witch Doctor) ooh! eee! ooh ah ah! Ting, Tang! Walla walla bing bang! Ooh eee ooh ah ah! Walla ting tang bing bing boo!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Look son, it's one of nature's wonders-a convoy!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What's happening to me? There's still food, but i don't wanna eat it. I've become everything I've ever hated! (cries)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Dad, they're going to kill us! Homer: Oh, why do all my trips end like this?
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (as Adam): [to Marge (as Eve)] You're pretty uptight for a naked chick.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	(The Simpsons watch as their neighborhood is engulfed by The Apocalypse) Marge: Oh, no, it's the Apocalypse! Bart, are you wearing clean underwear? Bart: Not anymore. Lisa: It's The Rapture, and I never knew true love. Homer: I never used those pizza coupons.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Wiggum: Hey, Pharaoh, those half-pint slaves are "exodusing" as we speak. Skinner: Well, I say good riddance to bad rubbish. Wiggum: Okay, but who's gonna build your pyramids? Skinner: Well, we-- After them!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse as Moses: (Israelites reach the Red Sea as the Egyptians chase them) Screw this! I'm converting. Save us, O Mighty Ra!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Slave Lisa: Now we have 40 years of wandering in the desert. Milhouse/Moses: Forty years? But after that, it's clear sailing for the Jews, right? Slave Lisa: Uh, more or less...Hey, is that manna?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart/David: Goliath II is gonna pay. And this time, it's biblical.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [as he looks at a picture of "Life in Hell"'s Akbar and Jeff] Matt Groening? What's he doing in a museum? He can barely draw.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: How about it, Bart? Would you like a new backyard barbecue pit? Bart: Can I burn evidence in it? Homer: We can all burn evidence in it.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Astrid: Your husband's work is what we call "outsider art". It could be by a mental patient, or a hillbilly, or a chimpanzee. Homer: [gasps] In high school I was voted "Most Likely to Be a Mental Patient, Hillbilly, or Chimpanzee"!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Lisa, all great artists love free food. Check out Jasper Johns. Jasper Johns: [stuffs food into his jacket] You squeal on me, I'll kill you.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Bart are throwing welcome mats out of the car windows, covering up the street drains] Bart: Hit the road, "Welcome home"! Homer: Adiós, "Casa de Flanders"! Bart: See you in Hell, "God bless this house"! Homer: So long, "The Simpsons"! ... D'OH!!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[as Homer opens up the fire hydrants] Bart: Are you sure this is art and not vandalism? Homer: That's for the courts to decide, son.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after Homer floods Springfield] Astrid: [while floating on a log] I love it, Homer! You've turned this town into a work of art! I just wish Jasper Johns hadn't stolen my boat. Jasper Johns: [speeds by on a motorboat which splashes Astrid] So long, suckers!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Flanders: Maude, it's a miracle! The Lord has drowned the wicked and spared the righteous. Maude: [gasps] Isn't that Homer Simpson? Flanders: Looks like heaven's easier to get into than Arizona State.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Well, Homer, I have to admit, you created something people really love. You truly are an artist. Homer: No, I'm just a nut who couldn't build a barbecue.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: Settle a bet. Boil or mole?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Burns: It's time to win the love of these hate-filled morons.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Burns: The man has no idea how to behave like a billionaire. Where's the dignity? Where's the contempt for the common man?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Burns: Simpson! I want to be loved. Homer: Well, I'll need some beer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Selma: Single? He passes the Selma test!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer talks to the boudoir photographer over the phone) Homer: You're not going to ask me to pose nude, are you? Photographer: Well, yes, unless you have issues about revealing your body. Homer: I don't, but the block association seems to. They wanted a "traditional" Santa.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [writing her letter] We can better ourselves! [Lisa then sees a naked Bart riding a pig in the hallway] Lisa: [to herself] Well, most of us.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Groundskeeper Willie: Let's see what's been captured in the Up-Kilt camera. Ugh, this lass needs a bit of groundskeepin'. Agh, that's Willie!
tv-simpsons	life	quip	general	0	PA: Welcome to Japan, folks. The local time is tomorrow.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: Hey, isn't that Homer on the Japanese channel? Moe: Wait a minute. If that's Homer, who's been putting beers on his tab? Barney: [dressed unconvincingly as Homer] D'oh! Woo-hoo! Uh.... That boy ain't right!
tv-simpsons	life	quip	general	0	Mel Gibson: John Travolta flew me in his jet. Now I have to help him move next weekend. He deliberately waited 'til we were in the air to ask me!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannah: Oh, no! We killed Mel Gibson! Christian: You all saw it. He came at me with a knife, right?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Trio drives up to the dummy) Milo: Hey, it's just a dummy. Christian: I know but he sells tickets. (Hannah and Milo are confused) Let's go.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mel Gibson: So Homer, will you come to Hollywood with me? Homer: You had me at hello ("smiles") Mel Gibson: I didn't say hello.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Crowd surrounds Mel Gibson) Mel Gibson: Hi, everybody. Dr. Nick: Hi, Mel Gibson!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Marge, Bart, and Lisa are walking the streets of Hollywood) Marge: Oh, look, they're shooting a movie! Robert Downey Jr.'s shooting it out with the police!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Scene shows Robert Downey Jr. and police officers firing shots at each other) Bart: (Looks around) I don't see any cameras...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Groundskeeper Willie: [talking to Skinner about Bart] Just say the word, and I'll drive this hoe into his back! [conversationally] I can make it look like suicide!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mark McGwire:Young Bart here is right. We are spying on you, pretty much around the clock. Bart: But why, Mr. McGwire? Mark McGwire: Do you want to know the terrifying truth, or do you want to see me sock a few dingers? Crowd: Dingers! Dingers!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Burns observes Bart's tank rampage through binoculars] Burns: Smithers, we're at war! Smithers: I'll begin profiteering, sir. Burns: And hoarding! Leave it to the Democrats to let the Spaniards back in the pantry!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I smell cake! Cake that says (sniff sniff) "Farewell" and (sniff sniff) "Best Wishes"! Nelson: Your old man has an awesome nose. Bart: Oh, that's nothing. He can hear pudding.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Critic #1 (to Homer): Everything's a rave. "Nine thumbs up", what the hell is that?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Newspaper editor: ...And to protect Mother Earth, each copy contains a certain percentage of recycled paper. Lisa: And what percent is that? Newspaper editor: Zero. (Lisa frowns) Newspaper editor: Zero's a percent.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Only your father can take up a part-time job in a small town newspaper and end up the target of international assassins.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Well, here we are, kids, the zoo. Bart: Well, that's great dad, except you were supposed to take us to the newspaper. Homer: D'oh! (echoes throughout the zoo causing the animals to run riot)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(all arrive at the Springfield Shopper and Homer is holding a balloon that says "Zoo") Homer: Look Marge, they're paying me to eat! Bart: Yeah, now if we can get someone to pay you for scratching your butt, we'll be on Easy Street!
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[The Simpsons walk through Springfield as chaos ensues] Lisa: Well, look at the wonders of the computer age, now. Homer: Wonders, Lisa? Or blunders? Lisa: I think that was implied by what I said. Homer: Implied, Lisa? Or implode? Lisa: Mom, make him stop.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [Trying to pass himself off as smart to let himself onto the rocket to Mars] Surely, you must know me! I'm the piano genius from the movie Shine! Rocket Security Guard: [Unconvinced] Uh-huh. And your name is... Homer: Uh...Shiney McShine?
tv-simpsons	science	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The sun?! That's the hottest place on Earth!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	(after it's been decided that the family will live on Grampa's old farm) Bart: I'll dig an outhouse! Lisa: I'll weed the floor! Marge: I'll repress the rage I'm feeling! (plasters a fake smile on her face)
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer tries to bond with Maggie by dressing up as a Teletubby) Homer (in baby talk): Look, Maggie, I'm Homie-Womie, the Teletubby. (sternly): And I'm all man in case you heard otherwise!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [playing peek-a-boo] Where's Maggie? Where's Maggie? [uncovers his eyes] Hey, where is she?
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I think I know what they're doing here Lisa. they did it to Jesus, and now they're doing it to me. Marge: Are you comparing yourself to our Lord?! Homer: Well, in bowling ability.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Apu is asleep with the babies) Manjula: Apu, it's 4 am. You're late for work. Apu: Oh. I just had the most beautiful dream where I died. Manjula: Oh no you don't! Not til they're out of college. Apu: Listen, I'll die when I want to!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned Flanders: [After Apu complains about his babies] Well, they can be a handful...of joy! Apu: Shut up! Flanders: They can fill your life with- Apu: Shut up! Flanders: Can't put a price on a miracle! Apu: I can't believe you won't shut up!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Larry Kidkill: Listen, how would you like to come with me? Apu: Okay. Manjula: Wait, you don't even know who he is! Apu: Who cares? There's only one of him!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The first meeting of Hell's Satans comes to order. Flanders: I move that we reconsider our club name. Make it something a little less blasphemous. After all we don't want to go to hell. Lenny: How about the Devil's Pals. Flanders: No, see- Moe: Or the Christ Punchers!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meathook: (to Homer)There's only one reasonable way to settle this, you and me in the circle of death. Marge: Ohh, I just swept the circle of death.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gary Coleman: Well, well, if it isn't the biggest rip-off since "Webster."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fat Tony: I don't get mad, I get stabby.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: This is a proud day. Now when people ask if we're in compliance the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1975, I can say, we are closer than ever before!
tv-simpsons	society	wisdom	general	0	Krusty: So have a Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Krazy Kwanzaa, a Tip-Top Tet, and a solemn, dignified Ramadan. And now, a word from my god, our sponsor...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay Naegle: I'm sorry, Gary. There's no longer a place for you here. Gary Coleman: What you talkin' 'bout, Miss Naegle? Lindsay Naegle: That is so adorable! You're rehired! Gary Coleman: Sucker! I knew exactly what she was talkin' 'bout.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I got the groceries! Lisa: Good! Maple soda? A cell phone full of candy?! Astronaut bread? Homer: It's the bread of astronauts. Bart: I didn't know Aerosmith made a cereal...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lisa sends Bart off to school and Homer off to work.] Lisa: Here are your lunches. And no trading them for fireworks! Homer: Aww, but Lenny just got some bottle rockets! Lisa: You stay away from Lenny!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the Simpsons gaze the spectacular sunset with Homer calling in the dermabrasion hut] Homer: Aloha AIIE!!! Aloha OHHE!!! Until we meet aAIGH!!!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (Cooking meat) Okay, who needs another lamb rack? (Marge and Bart nod no) Lisa? Ham hock, Tri-tip? Lisa: Do we have any food that wasn't brutally slaughtered? Homer: Well I think the veal died of loneliness.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Hey Brother Faith, how did you get the bucket off my dad's head? Brother Faith: Well I didn't son, you did. God has given you the power. Bart: Really? Hmmm.. I would think he would want to limit my power.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Listen, I worked long and hard for this place, and no one's gonna take it away from me! Not you, not its rightful owner, not anyone! (downs entire goblet of wine) And another thing: if I eve- (passes out)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Hmmm. Should the Simpsons get a horse? Comic Book Guy: Excuse me, I believe this family already had a horse, and the expense forced Homer to work at the Kwik-E-Mart, with hilarious consequences. Homer: Anybody care what this guy thinks? Crowd: No!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: Man, that horse don't take no guff from nobody. Jimbo/Kearney: Guff?! Nelson: I mean shi-- [both punch Nelson]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Did that really happen, or was it just a wonderful dream? Jockey: [suddenly appears] No dream! Lose the race, fat boy! [Homer sobs]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned Flanders: Maude? Hibbert: Oh, my lord! She's dead! Ned Flanders: (gasps)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: It's hard to believe that we'll never see Maude again.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm sure your wife is dating a lot of people in heaven! Ned: Are you sure? Homer: Positive! There's a lot of hot people up there. There's John Wayne, Tupac Shakur, Sherlock Holmes-- Ned: Ah, now Sherlock Holmes is a character. Homer: Oh, he sure was! [does a sexy growl]
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	[While Homer is filming Lenny, Carl, and Barney in front of Moe's Tavern for Ned's bachlor tape] Homer: So don't waste your time dating hopeless losers like these! Carl: ...What are you doing, Homer?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer has just arrived on the island and he doesn't know what to do]' Homer: But I don't know what to do! Craig: Well, we taught them some English and we ridiculed away most of their beliefs. You can take it from there.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: I've been called "Ugly," "Pug Ugly," "Fugly," "Pug Fugly." But never "Ugly-Ugly!"
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Gay Republican #1: What we need is a symbol that says, "We're gay and Republican! (Maggie's pink elephant-shaped balloon floats into the room.) Gay Republican #2: A little on-the-nose, don't you think?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [reading from a sticker] A gay president for 2084? Gay Republican: We're realistic.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Yeah, hey, I've got a gift. As a child, I was bitten by the acting bug. Then it burrowed under my skin and laid eggs in my heart. Now those eggs are hatching and I... the feeling is indescribable. Homer: I know what you mean. Our dog had that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(during the Toss The Drunk contest at Duff Days) Titania: Ew! (to Duffman): You said if I slept with you, I wouldn't have to touch the drunk! Duffman: Duffman says a lot of things. Oh, yeah!
tv-simpsons	life	quip	general	0	Producer: You idiot
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer Simpson: Oh, what a bleak and horrible future we live in! Bart Simpson: Don't you mean "present?" Homer Simpson: Right, right. Present.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chinese Man: You pay now! Now! [pounds fist on table] Bart: What happened to you, China? You used to be cool. Chinese Man: Hey, China is still cool. You pay later. Later! [pounds fist on table]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(as Homer and Bart are "celebrating" Trash Night) Homer: I can't believe I found this muscle shirt. Bart: Dad, that's a sports bra. Homer: All I know is that I'm finally getting the support I need.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: You did it, Dad! Homer: [drunk]: You can't prove I did it. Lisa: No, you saved our lives. Homer: I could do a lot of things if I had some money.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Barney! [Homer picks up the payphone] Homer: The call is from heroism. Will you accept the charges?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: What you need is a good, long rest. I suggest Florida. Homer: Florida? But that's America's wang! Doctor: They prefer, "The Sunshine State."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Simpsons are driving to Florida] Lisa: Mom! Bart's sitting next to me! Bart: Mom! Lisa's growing! Marge: Quiet, you two! You know your father just had a breakdown. Homer: [Holding a pennant that says "Mental"] My pockets hurt!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart gets paid three dollars for delivering Homer's mail) Bart: Hey, this isn't real. This is printed by the Montana Militia. Homer (threateningly): It'll be real soon enough!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Arizona smells funny.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: My daddy shoots people!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: For an evening or a week, there's no place like the mall. Food, fun and fashion, the mall has it all.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vicki Valentine: ... and treating people like equals when they most clearly aren't is called what kids? Children: Communism Sqeaky-Voiced Teen: And God said, "Gather two of every flavor, anoint them with sixty-two sauces, whipped cream, and nuts, and ye shall call it, 'The Ark'!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ice Cream Store Clerk: [after Marge throws sprinkles at his eyes] I can only see a horrible rainbow!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: To prolong the run of the series, I was secretly given anti-growth hormones. [Camera cuts to Homer] Homer: That's ridiculous! How could I even get all five necessary drops into her cereal? [pause] What?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer Simpson: Why did I take such punishment? Let's just say that fame was like a drug. But what was even more like a drug was the drugs.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: [After scenes are shown from the first pilot] Okay, the material was a little corny, but Homer and I showed great chemistry on set. [Camera cuts to Homer] Homer: Every day, I thought about firing Marge. You know, to shake things up.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: Oh, yeah, Bart was throwing money all over the place. He even paid me and Carl $1,000 to kiss each other! Carl: Hey, did we ever get that money?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: The dream was over. Coming up: Was the dream really over? Yes, it was. Or was it?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: The Simpsons started on a wing and a prayer, but now, the wing was on fire, and the prayer had been answered... by Satan.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dolphin: Your majesty! You're free at last! Snorky: They made me do tricks like a common seal!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Snorky: Arr, I'm a Sea Captain. Arr. (Both laughing)
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: [Takes a drink while swimming at night] Mmmm. Alcohol and night swimming. It's a winning combination!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Homer stole our rock performers! That fat, dumb, and bald guy sure plays some real hardball.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer tries to call Animal Control but gets a special information tone] Recording: Your call can not be completed as dialed. Please make sure you have the correct area code. Homer: Area code? But its a local call!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer looks at his hand which reads Lenny = white, Carl = black) Homer: (confused) Is that right?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Listen, kid, I'm not the kind of dad who, you know, does things, or says stuff or looks at ya. But the love is there!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer starts singing owimoweh from "The Lion Sleeps Tonight") Fat Tony: Don't do that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (As he's running from the mob shooting at him) Hey, I said I was sorry. The mob: Well, in that case we'll stop. What a class act and nice guy. (They stop shooting) Homer: Sorry you are such jerks. (They begin shooting at him again)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Hey, No Menus!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jesse: I'm a level five vegan -- I won't eat anything that casts a shadow
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Rich Texan: [after the runaway tree destroys Hemp World] Yeehaw! Score one for the bad guys!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mom, Dad, there's something I have to do. You're not gonna like it, but I really believe it's the right thing. [leaves] Homer: Marge, she's gonna narc on our stash! Marge: We don't have a stash. Homer: [shifty eyes] No, of ... course not.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: [After Smithers told him about his musical about dolls] Well, why not write a musical about the common cat, or the King of Siam?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: When did we become the bottom rung of society? Homer: I think it was when that cold snap killed off all the hobos.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: Whether you're Christian, or just non-Jewish, everyone loves Santa Claus!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	(The Springfield Police Department web page is shown.) Chief Wiggum: If you have committed a crime and want to confess, click 'Yes'. Otherwise, click 'No'.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Number 2: (After Homer bursts a giant bubble designed to stop him leaving): Why did you think a big balloon would stop hip? Scientist: Shut up! That's why!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Well, if Mr. X were here right now. I'd buy him a tall frosty. Homer: Hey, Moe. Can you keep a secret. Moe: No. Homer:Not even a little one? Moe: No! Homer: What if I just whisper it? Moe: No, I tells ya!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe Simpson: This scam was in The Sting Part 2, so nobody knows about it.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Abe Simpson: I can finally afford a crazy stripper wife!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph Wiggum: [Covered in fake blood] I look like cable TV!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: Yeech. It's getting ugly out there. What would Superintendent Chalmers do? (Chalmers appears in his mind) Chalmers: Skinner! Skinner: Well, that didn't help.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Reading his permanent record) Bart: 'Underachiever and proud of it." How old is this thing?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: We're trapped in the school!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Kids scream) Milhouse: We're gonna miss Christmas!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Kids scream louder) Principal Skinner: I fixed the DVD!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Kids scream even louder) Skinner: Well, I see you Scotsmen are thrifty with courage, too! Willie: OK Skinner, that's the last time you'll slap your Willie around. I quit! Skinner: Fine, I'll do the job myself.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: Mr. Simpson, this procedure could drastically increase your brain power, or it could possibly kill you. Homer: Hmmm... Increase my killing power, eh? Let's do it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Male Scientist: I'm sorry, Mr. Simpson, we don't play God here! Homer: That's preposterous! You do nothing but play God, and I think your octoparrot would agree! Octoparrot: [squawks] Ark! Polly shouldn't be! [whistles]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Marge is reassuring Lisa about the missing crayon] Marge: Sweetheart, a missing crayon could be anywhere. Homer: [crashes through the window] Who wants lottery tickets? Marge: Okay, it's in his brain.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Uh, which way's Mecca, I need to pray. Marge (confused): Mecca? Uh... Jack (chuckles): I'm just kidding. I'm Jewish.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: So how was it in the slammer? Marge: Terrific. Bart, Sideshow Bob says he'll be seeing you real soon. Bart: (Chuckles) That Bob.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ralph enters the "Adults Only" section of the Android's Dungeon.] Ralph: Everybody's hugging!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: It'll be nice to entertain friends and have people over. Flanders: Hey ya got a tennis court? Homer: Keep walking Flanders. Flanders: Will do. Homer: Faster!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad, you are just going through a classic Oedipal anxiety. You remember the story of Oedipus, don't you? Homer: Maybe five bucks will refresh my memory... Lisa: (groaning) Oedipus killed his father and married his mother! Homer: God! Who pays for that wedding?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I think it's good for a show to retire before it gets old and stale. Smithers: (walks in tired) Maggie shot Mr.Burns again! (the family stares blankly at Smithers)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Bob: Rakes! My old archenemy Bart: I thought I was your archenemy? Sideshow Bob: I have a life outside of you, Bart.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Bob: Ah, Krusty, this is your Waterloo. Soon you'll be Napoleon Blownaparte! Techie: Ugh, terrible! Sideshow Bob: Oh, hush up, Leo
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Who are you? L.T. Smash: Aw, you'll find out in due time. Bart: [reading an ID badge hanging from the mirror] Well, it says here your name is L. T. Smash. L.T. Smash: The time has come. I'm L. T. Smash.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: How could you ruin the good name of Star Blitzzz! Productions?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa takes off a '.' sticker on L.T. Smash's name sign and gasps Lisa: Lt. Smash! L.T. Smash: Yeah, that's right. Lt. L.T. Smash.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Who are you? Ghost of César Chávez: I am the spirit of César Chávez. Homer: Then why do you look like César Romero? Ghost of César Chávez: Because you don't know what César Chávez looks like.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Albuquerque Mayor: See how much Dallas wants for the Cowboys.. Assistant: That's a football team, sir. Albuquerque Mayor: They'll play what I tell them to play...for I am the mayor of Albuquerque!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Olive oil? Asparagus? If your mother wasn't so fancy, we could just shop at the gas station like normal people.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bag Boy 1: Can you please-- Ow! Stop? Bag boys had feelings too, you know? Homer: No, you don't.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: 'Sulfur jerky'? 'Cream of Toast'? Where do we get this crap? Marge: Mostly they were from relatives who couldn't see very well.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Okay, here's the situation: We're hopelessly lost and about to die. [a crocodile roars up from the river. The family screams] Homer: Don't worry! Being eaten by a crocodile is just like going to sleep... in a giant blender.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Nick Riviera: Inflammable means flammable? What a country!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rich Texan: May the Lord have mercy on your gas-sniffin' orphan-beatin' souls. Homer: Christ be with you.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [in a video of him chasing Bart down the street with a chain mace] I'll mace you good! Bart: Aargh!! Homer: Hey! That is completely taken out of context.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Flanders comes over to pick up Rod and Todd) Flanders: So, did you boys have a good time? Rod: Yeah, Mr. Simpson was really funny. Todd: He told us how the world keeps screwing him over.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Ah, Ethnictown. Where hard-working immigrants dream of becoming lazy, overfed Americans.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [Attempting to save Lisa from "Lord Montymort" by using her wand] Prank be undone. Destroy the evil one! [He is struck by lightning] Not me.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (smashes a cylindrical machine in the basement with an ax): Die, you monster! Lisa: Dad, that's the water softener. Homer: Well, I am missing the back of my head. I think you can cut me some slack!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harm: Silence in my courtroom! [reads docket] Grand theft auto? Bart: It was an accident, ma'am. Harm: Don't spit on my cupcake and tell me it's frosting!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Ah, who am I kidding. I ain't smiled for real since I nailed that rat with the icepick. Heh. Remember that? Homer: That was an amazing throw.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer, Lenny, Carl and Barney are singing along to the tune of 'I Love Rock 'n' Roll' by Joan Jett) I won't drink at Moe's! Homer's old garage is all I need! I won't drink at Moe's... Homer: 'Cause Moe's a big jerk and a she-male too!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: I don't understand. She was my young sexy fiance and he was my sexually virile best friend and they just drove off in my Bugatti Sexarossa. Kent Brockman: Well, according to our audience insta-poll, 46% say "You're too old", and 37% say "She's a skank!".
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(At Snake's hideout) Homer: Wow, who do you have to kill to get a place like this? Snake: I think his name was "Gustafsson."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: 14 dollars and 10,11,12 cents. There you go. Chinese delivery boy: You know, sir, tipping is customary. Mr. Burns: Oh, sorry, me no speaky Chinee!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: What are you doing in my corpse hatch? Wiggum: Mr. Burns, you're under arrest! Mr. Burns: Did I say "corpse hatch"? Uh... I meant "innocence tube"!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You found a corpse when you were twelve? No wonder you've been so traumatized. Homer: It's responsible for everything wrong in my life...my occasional overeating...my fear of corpses!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mr.Burns: Let me get your job to someone new.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I still believe in God. I just think there's another path to him, or her. Marge Simpson: Her?! [addressing God] She's just kidding, Mister Lord!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I'm not gonna pick a religion just because it sounds cool. Bart: How about Judaism? When you turn thirteen, cha-ching!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Yeah, I wanted to spend Christmas with you guys. Homer: So you're back on the winning team? Lisa: No, I'm still Buddhist, but I can worship with my family too. Marge: So you're just going to pay lip service to our church? Lisa: Uh-huh! Homer: That's all I ever asked.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: [acid rain is falling; singing] I'm singin' in the rain Just singin' in the rain What a glorious feeling-- Argh! [collapses on the ground, as his overalls dissolve] It burns like a Glasgow bikini wax! Gagghhh!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [drunk] Look, the think about my family is, there's five of us: Marge, Bart, girl-Bart, the one who doesn't talk, and the fat guy. How I loathe him. [falls off the barstool]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Suicidal man: Good bye, cruel world. (lands on human ball) Hello, ironic twist.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (After being told Springfield is now officially "the world's fattest city" and looking directly into the camera) In your face, Milwaukee!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (In Popeye's accent) Eh, this beer's deliskous. I'm going to saves me wife. Now let's get this show on the road.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: So to win Greta back, I have to go to Toronto. Homer: Canada? Why should we leave America to visit America Junior?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [As Homer is about to cross the road] Dad, no! The sign says 'Don't walk'! Homer: That's okay, they have free health care. [Gets sent flying by an oncoming car] Whoa, I'm rich!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Don't worry honey, we can't afford this now, but I promise when the time comes my darling daughter can go to the finest school there is... in South Carolina. Lisa: I will not be a Gamecock! Homer: You will too!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: How come you always run out of tardy slips before you run out of permission slips? Nelson: How come you suck!? Skinner: Um... I lack confidence?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart enters the classroom in torn clothes] Nelson: Ha ha, Bart's family is poor!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buck McCoy: Goodbye Bart, never bother me again! Yee-haw!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [to Abe Simpson] And another thing, no death races.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [after seeing the incident on Abe Simpson] Oh, that is it! Abraham J. Simpson, [camera comes close to Homer until it reaches his mouth] you are never... driving... again, ever!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Disco Stu: Disco Stu has ouzo for two-zo. Bart: I'll leave you guys alone. Disco Stu (pointing to Bart): Disco Stu was talking to you. (Bart shudders in disgust)
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dance Instructor: Here is where we invented the Lambada and the Macarena. Now we are working on our most powerful dance: La Penetrada! It makes sex look like a church.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I don't think my daughter should be hearing this.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dance Instructor: You cannot protect her forever! You stupid lady!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer is naming off the crows in his bedroom] Marge: Homer, I'm not sure I'm comfortable sleeping with a group of crows in the bedroom in the night. Homer: It's a murder, honey. A group of crows is called a murder. Marge: I'm going to go sleep on the couch tonight.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer tries his first medical marijuana in the bedroom, the smoke comes through the closed door and downstairs to where Marge, Lisa, and Bart are] Marge: What is that billowing down the stairs? [Gasps] It's smoke! Lisa: [Sniffs] It smells like the art teacher's office.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Groundskeeper Seamus: This be your doing Willie, I'll turn your groin to puddin' Groundskeeper Willie: Ach, you speak like a poet, but you punch like one too!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Wow, Stan Lee came back? Comic Book Guy: Stan Lee never left, and I'm beginning to think his mind is no longer in mint condition.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Angry Dad comes home from work.] Angry Dad: Oh what a day. Maybe the headlines will cheer me up. [Headline caption: You Suck, Angry Dad!] Angry Dad:[growls in anger] That's opinion, not news! [Head enlarges then explodes.]
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Thanks. Are you sure you don't want to come? In a Civil War re-enactment we need lots of Indians to shoot. Apu: I don't know what part of that sentence to correct first, but I cannot come.
tv-simpsons	love	quip	general	0	Divorce Lawyer: When will you humans learn that your 'feelings', as you call them, can stand in the way of big cash payoffs?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: See you tomorrow, Lisa. We find out what five minus three is. Lisa: Um... I'm a teacher's aide in a very special class. Ralph: No, Lisa, we're both in-- Lisa: Go, go, go! Ralph: Why do people run from me? [wets his pants, then smiles]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carmen Electra: My face is up here, Homer. Homer: (looking at Carmen's breasts) I've made my choice.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You know, if you let us go, there's a diamond necklace in it for you. Wiggum: I hope you're not suggesting that I would take that necklace as a bribe. Think again, dirtbag, cause I can swipe it later from the evidence locker.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Play the race card! Play it!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Cool, a lie detector. [Bart puts on the lie detector and a results sheet prints out as he speaks] Bart: Lisa is a dork. Lisa is a dork. Lisa: Dad, make him stop. [Homer looks at the results sheet] Homer: Hmm... According to this, he's telling the truth.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Do you sell hats? Wooly Bully Store Clerk: Yeah. Homer: To people? Wooly Bully Store Clerk: Maybe. Homer: People with heads? Wooly Bully Store Clerk: Sometimes...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[an unseen shooter begins firing at the mobsters outside the Simpsons' house] Fat Tony: Johnny Tightlips, can you see the shooter? Johnny Tightlips: I see a lot of things... Fat Tony: You know, you could be a little more helpful.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy the Kid: Now let's rob the bank, give the money to the poor, then rob the poor, and shoot the money!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After other characters - who have been turned into 'manimals' by Dr. Hibbert - decide that they enjoy it] Homer: YOU GUYS ARE NUTS! All you can do is eat, and sleep, and mate, and roll around in your own filth, and mate, and eat-- Where do I sign up?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [as an eagle] So, how do you like being a walrus, dad? Homer: [as a walrus] It's great! I haven't been this skinny since high school!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The Simpsons are gathered together, while watching Taxicab Conversations) Wise guy: How ya doin'? Homer: (drunk) Talky thing, ain't ya? Lisa: Another proud moment for the Simpsons.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: Can we talk about accentuating the...uh...masculine area? Lenny Kravitz: Did you hear that, everybody? Apu just asked about crotch stuffing. Now, I don't do that. Kenny Loggins does. Kenny Loggins: [Appearing at the window] I trusted you! [Runs away crying].
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Mr. Seltzer? Brian Setzer: Setzer. Homer: No, I think it's Seltzer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer is upset that the Rock n' Roll Fantasy Camp is over) Mick Jagger: It's okay, Homer. It's only Rock n' Roll camp. Homer: But I like it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer has a backstage pass and jumps over the counter of a Pizza stand) Squeaky Voiced teen: Sir, you can't... Homer (flashes his card at the teen) All access! Squeaky Voiced Teen: (salutes) Oh. Sorry!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: There's no need for apologies, guys. You're rock stars! You're supposed to be reckless and destructive, and be celebrated for behavior that would land normal people in jail! Keith Richards: That's what I told them!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [mockingly at Lisa] Ha Ha. They left without you. Lisa: They left without you too, you idiot. Bart: If I'm such an idiot, how come I'm the smartest kid in third grade? Lisa: Because you've already done it once. [Pause] Bart: You've lost me.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Hey... how do we get home? Bart: No problem. We'll just circle around like those kids in the Blair Witch project. [Bart walks off-screen. He immediately walks back into frame on the other side] Bart: I must be getting close. [points to Lisa] I recognize that girl.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Aaaaah! What on Earth have you done?! My maguppies became bazongas! Surgeon: Great Chauchesku's ghost! Are those real? [Makes a realization] Oh. Oh, right.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Accidentally giving me breast implants is not a simple misunderstanding, my surgery was botched! Surgeon: Botched, what is that the word of the day?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(as the Sarcastic Clerk is gnawing on the living room table) Marge: Why do you always pick the cheapest guy? Homer: I go by how funny the sign is. (indicates the "A Bug's Death" van outside the house)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Now, Mr. Simpson, is it possible you're living a double or triple life that your wife doesn't know about? Homer: Triple? No, definitely no.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Now, your case requires someone who understands the twisted mind of a murderer. And I know just where to find him. Marge: (hopeful) Paris? Chief Wiggum: No, no, not Paris. Marge: (downhearted) I'm never gonna go to Paris.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Simpsons are in Campbell's Chunky Soup Maximum Security Prison] Marge: I don't think this was a great place to bring the children. Lisa: It still beats Disney's California Adventure.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Bob: Hello, Bart. Bart & Lisa: AAAHH!! Sideshow Bob! Sideshow Bob: Oh, come now, we have been through so much together. Just call me Bob. Bart & Lisa: AAAHH!! Bob!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Dad, I can't believe you're putting my life at risk to save your own?! Homer: You'll understand someday when you have kids.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer's runaway King of Mardi Gras float is heading toward a building filled with swordfish.] Lisa: (gasps) Dad's heading for the Swordfish Museum! Marge: That museum's been nothing but trouble since it opened.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait! Frank Grimes wasn't married! How could he have a son? Frank Grimes Jr.: He happened to like hookers, okay?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad! I figured it out! [opens a piece of paper] The murderer is-- Homer: I know! Frank Grimes Junior! Lisa: Huh? [looks down at the paper, where she has written the name "Bumblebee Man"] Precisely. [crumples the paper and kicks it away]
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Dad, I'm really glad you're still alive. Homer:: Yeah, it's every parent's dream to outlive their children.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: (singing) You've grown accustomed to my face... Sideshow Bob: This isn't a duet. Bart: Sorry.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	(Little Richard is on stage) Homer: Purple Rain! Little Richard: SHUT UP! Homer: (excited) Michael Jackson told me to shut up.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph Wiggum: Lisa Simpson is a girl at my school. Dexter Colt: Yes,you said that already. What else do you know? Ralph: I once picked my nose 'til it bleeded. Dexter: No, about Lisa! Ralph: Lisa Simpson is a girl at my school. Dexter:Someone's already worked this guy over.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Lisa's pet peeve is... phonies?! I thought she loved them!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Marge breaks a glass jar and points it menacingly at Moe) Marge: Maybe death will stop your yammering!!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Moe (looks at his destroyed tavern): Well, there's only one way to recoup my losses. (pours some gasoline over the counter and sets it on fire with a match stick) Carl: Oh, whoa, wait a minute. Don't you have to buy insurance first? Moe: Oh, crap.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You know, most people pray silently. Homer: Marge, he's way the hell up there!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I'm sorry Ned. It looks like God has packed up and left Springfield. Ned: [hysterical] No, you're lying! You're lying! What makes you lie?
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: There are perfectly logical explanations for everything that happened. The bonfire sent soot into the air, which created rain, and with all the trees cut down a flood was inevitable. Bart: Yeah but what made the rain stop? Lisa: I don't know. Buddha?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Hey, a box of old videotapes. "Marge And Homer Get Dirty"? Hey, Lis, think you're well-adjusted?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa [to Bart]: You're Baby Stink-Breath, you're Baby Stink-Breath! En Francais... [in French] vous êtes L'enfant Stink-Breath!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Well, here I am, on my own... and I'm gonna make it, world! [Bart throws his red cap through a ceiling fan and shreds into pieces. Then a drugs salesman bangs the wall.] Neighbor: Be quiet in there! Some of us are trying to sell drugs!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: That couch looks really pricey. Bart: Well, you need an expensive couch to watch an expensive TV. Homer: Of course, because you wouldn't want to... [screams] I PAY FOR YOUR SPLENDOR, YOU... (chokes Bart) [Marge is embarrassed.]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tony Hawk: You're going down, Homer. Then up. Then down. Then back up again. That's how the game is played.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: (starting to cry while in the elevator) I'm gonna die in my jammies.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I want a divorce from my parents. Blue-Haired Lawyer: You WHA?! Bart: I said I want a divorce from my parents. Blue-Haired Lawyer: Yes, I heard you. I was just calling my secretary. Yuwah, give me the standard child divorcing parent form. Yuwah: Yes, sir.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Please don't go Bart. I'll let you swear in the house: everything but the Big Three. Bart: Sorry, Mom. I just can't, not as long as he's here. [Bart points to Homer, who hides]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: How many times has Homer done something crazy? (Lisa pulls out a rolling counter which is now at 300) Lisa: It's 300, Mom. Marge: Really? I could've sworn it was 302. [1] Lisa: Shhh!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Maybe I should hook up with you guys. After all, how long do any of us have to live? Ribhead: Well, if you like the ribwich, not very. [holds up ribwich box with Krusty saying "WILL CAUSE EARLY DEATH"] Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: The Spellympics is being sued by the Olympics for use of the suffix 'lympics.' This has got to be the slowest news day ever!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: (loudly) Then I'll be QUEEN OF THE WORLD (whispers) of spelling. (Loud) That's right, QUEEN OF THE WORLD (whispers) of spelling.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: Bart, your word is imply. Bart: Imply. I-M-P... Nelson: Bart said, "I am pee." He's made of pee! (The students all laugh) Bart: Well, I got my laugh. I'm outta here. Ralph: I made Bart in my pants.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: Milhouse, your word is "choke." Milhouse: Oh, I know this one, it's so easy, "F".... oh, man! (the kids laugh) Principal Skinner: Stop laughing! It will scar him for life! (kids keep laughing) He-he-he, it is kinda infectious.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Could you use it in a sentence? Superintendent Chalmers: Nothing can ameliorate the ineptitude of Principal Skinner. Principal Skinner: I wish he wouldn't use me in every example.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad, this is my moment in the sun. How can you miss it to be with a sandwich? Homer: You don't understand. It's not just a sandwich... it's about brotherhood, it's about freedom, it's about 3 days since I've had one! I'm gettin' the shakes! And I'm gettin' the fries!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: Lisa, "impugn." Lisa: I-M-P... Bart: Hey, Lisa said... Nelson: (Slaps Bart in the back of his head) Shut up, pee!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Just one thing, are you guys good at covering youthful and middle aged indiscretions? Mr. Burns: Are these indiscretions romantic, financial or treasonous? Krusty: Russian hooker, you tell me.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Look, can you please just tell us why you changed the flightpaths? Airport official: Uh, look, they were changed because a disturbed local wildlife and their mating rituals.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus: I like that clown. He's really lookin' out for me, the average Joe-Six Tooth. Brandine: Where'd you get yourself another tooth? Cletus: Sidewalk.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Lenny and Carl are fighting one another with carbon rods, ala Star Wars) Lenny: I say The Phantom Menace sucked more! Carl: I say Attack of the Clones sucked more!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: All my life I've had one dream: to achieve my many goals.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (after getting thrown out of the striptease class): Aw, nobody loves Oily Homer.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I wish God were alive to see this.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Puzzle piece, come out and play-ay!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What a well kept street, and there sure are a lot of gay bookstores for a straight neighborhood. Bet these guys never had any kids.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [While being attacked by beavers] No! I wanted to die choking on food!
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Look at those city slickers with their stupid fur coats and pointy hats. Marge: Homer, those are elk. Homer: I still hate them. Go back to Grosse Pointe!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: [on radio, to tune of "More, More, More"] Moe, Moe, Moe How do you like me? How do you like me? Moe, Moe, Moe Why don't you like me? Nobody likes me...
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Don't worry son, I'll build you a new treehouse--One so grand it'll be an affront to God himself. Bart: Can it have a ladder you can pull up after you? Homer: Only if it's an affront to God.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh! Santa's Little Helper! Save me!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm so happy that you saved me! (actually talking to Snowball II; then to Santa's Little Helper) As for you, you are a coward! (Santa's Little Helper whines) Get out... AND STAY OUT!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, get the net. Marge: There is no net. Homer: (After falling) D'oh.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Maybe this is a sign. Maybe it's time for me to get out of the alcohol business, give barber college another try. And this time, I won't join a frat! [Looks around, realizes no one is there] Who the hell am I talking to?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Psst. Bishop to Queen-4." Old Man:"We're playing Dominoes." Homer:"I said 'Bishop to Queen-4."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph Wiggum: [Gets thrown through The Simpsons' window with a note] I'm a brick!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait a minute. How could those stupid jarheads win? Lisa: Who would want candy filled with laxatives?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Cut to seniors in the day room enjoying the laxative-laced candies.) Montgomery Burns: [seeing the Indian smoke signals] Oh no, the Pawnee have returned. They probably want their souls back.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toy Homer: I peed my pants.... Homer: I recorded that for private use!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elmo Doll: (slaps Moe) No means no for Elmo!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby: People, Springfield is in Crisis. Fingers have been shoved up Noses, Pants have been pulled down and (Click) Mayors (Click) have (Click) been (Click) Repeatedly (Click) Humiliated.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [to Mona] Look, Mom! Look! I'm riding by myself! [enters a wrong lane and screams]
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: [After he loses his case against Mona] Curse that groovy granny! This is America! Justice should favor the rich!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the bus taking Mona to jail, where the prisoners are having a good time] Female Prisoner: I hope this bus ride never ends...'cause I'm getting executed when I get off.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: Lisa. Lisa. Lisa. Wow, she even beat perennial write-in candidate "Seymour Sucks!"
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: That was very sweet of the Queen, letting you go in exchange for taking Madonna back to America. Madonna: I'm telling you! I'm English! Marge: English women don't pump gas naked. Homer: See ya in Atlanta, jerk.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: That's it kids, suckle daddy's sugar ball.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: You're sneaking off to fight that bear, I wanna go too! Homer: No way. If something happens to me, you have to carry on the Simpson name. Bart: Screw that, when I grow up I'm legally changing my name to Joe Kickass! Homer: That is so cool! Okay you can come.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Krusty is infuriated, because he does'nt have a star on the Jewish walk of fame] Krusty: Why don&#8242;t I have a star?! I'm much better than... (squints) Chaim Potok?! What is he, a Klingon?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty The Clown: Now in the spirit of the holiday season, start shopping! And for every dollar of Krusty merchandise you buy, I will be nice to a sick kid. For legal purposes, "sick kids" may include hookers with a cold. [Krusty chuckles]
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus: They destroyed my home, and the equity I built up there in. Kent: Asked if he intends to take legal action the farmer replied "I aint fungdified hi-de-hoo about no legrification, no ways." Then scratched his rear, hitched up his pants, and scratched his rear again.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge Simpson: My name is Marge Simpson, and I am a mother. Meeting Crowd: BOO! Marge: I'm also an American. Meeting Crowd: YAY! Marge: I bake apple pies. Meeting Crowd: YAY! Marge: And I like baseball. Meeting Crowd: BOO!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer Simpson: Marge! Wait! [tries to hypnotize Marge with a moving photo of Rudy Giuliani] I am Rudy Giuliani, you must forgive Homer! I am Rudy Giuliani, you must forgive Homer!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'm riding a unicycle with my pants down. This should be every boy's dream.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Flanders: Did you agree to be married to a drunken lout who wouldn't respect you? Marge: Pretty much. We wrote our own vows.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: This is horrible! What if Dad reads it ("The Harpooned Heart")? Bart: It's too long; he won't read it. Lisa: Well, what if it gets made into a movie? Bart: It's too sappy; he won't see it. Lisa: Well, what if they do a parody about it on MADtv? Bart: [gasps] We're doomed!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'll have to read Marge's book, and I swore never to read again after To Kill a Mockingbird gave me no useful advice on killing mockingbirds. It did teach me not to judge a man based on the color of his skin, but what good does that do me?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	William Clark/Carl: Alright, the Columbia River! Now we just ride this baby down to the Pacific and get some sweet mermaid sex! Sacagawea/Lisa: For the last time, those are SALMON!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Billboard Homer sees while driving: Diamonds... because money equals love.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon Cowell: Well look who's back.. Pippy Non-Talking. Lisa: Just because Maggie can't talk doesn't mean she's dumb. Einstein didn't speak until he was three. Marge: And even then he could only speak German!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The family think they're about to die] Homer: Marge, I've always loved you. Bart, you were a worthy foe.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Artie: Doesn't your father ever read to you? Lisa: He tried once, but he got confused and thought the book was real. He's still searching for that chocolate factory. It consumes him.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Refuse to answer on the grounds that I what?!? Lawyer: (whispers to Homer) Homer: Inseminate myself? (to the Senate committee while pointing at his lawyer) Dudes, I think this guy's coming onto me. Lawyer: You, sir, are a moron! Homer: A mormon? But I'm from Earth!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Store Manager: Sir, some people want to use that dressing room! Homer: [in the dressing room with his trousers down] Dressing room? Uh-oh...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gina: [dancing chained to Bart] OK! Here's my rules. The inclusion is to no eye contact and I don't want to hear how pretty I look. Bart: Don't worry, you won't. [Gina kicks him down] D'oh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Quimby arrives at Bart's fake wedding with a young woman. Quimby: Remember, if anyone asks, you're my niece from out of town. Young Woman: I am your niece Uncle Joe. Quimby: [realizing] Good Lord! I'm an abomination!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Warden: So, why do you want to be a guard here? Homer: I believe the children are the future... Unless we stop them now! Warden: Welcome aboard. (Holds a nightstick) This ends for beatin'. This ends for holdin'. Homer: When does training start? Warden: It just finished.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Warden: Well my shift's over. I guess it's back to my bachelor apartment. Make a tuna sandwich. Turn on Will & Grace. And cry myself to sleep. Marge: Hmmmm. Would you like to join us? Warden: Didn't you hear me? I've got my evening planned!(He slams the door shut)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Groundskeeper Willie: [after accidentally driving over a red ball] Oh my God, I've shredded a child! AGAIN! [races to a nearby road, heading for the border] Venezuela, here I come!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Why are you dressed as Catwoman? Skinner: (Dressed like Catwoman à la Batman Returns) They told me it was Catman!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Passion is for teens and immigrants.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: [emerging from "Adult Video section"] Oh yeah. Brideshead's gonna get revisited tonight, baby!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart Simpson: [Looking on an airline computer] So, Mom and Dad are going to Atlantic City, but their luggage isn't. [laughs] And Homer's getting a low-fat meal. [Camera cuts to a plane flying] Homer: [From inside the plane] Nooooooo!!!!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Squeaky Voiced Teen: Oh, I'm sorry, sir. The computer says that the movie Chocolate Star Wars doesn't exist. Homer: I say you don't exist! Squeaky Voiced Teen: No, I'm right here under "staff."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Marge bounce around in an inflatable house] Homer: This must be what it's like to be in space! Marge: You've been to space. Homer: And yet, I have never been to me...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: It's time to take him down a peg. Or should I say down a pie?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: No, I think the expression is peg.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Maybe you're right Lisa. Maybe you're pie. Pie be your pie.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (talking to an empty beer bottle) You never got a chance to become my urine!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Young Lenny: Now, Homer, if you're gonna go, you better take some protection. (gives him a switchblade) Young Homer: Whoo, a switchblade! (eyes it closely) I see the switch, but where's the blade? (camera moves out of the cottage, we hear the blade opening) OOOOWW!! Found it.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: This is so confusing. (turns to "judge" Lisa) I'd like a brief recess. Lisa: Granted. (brings the gavel down) Homer: Whee! Recess! (runs out and goes swinging on a swing)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Camp Flab-away instructor: So, you thought you could make a break for it, did you? Well, no one ever escapes from fat camp. 'Cause the only way out is up a gentle slope.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, I'm really sorry I hurt you, but I've done way worse stuff since then. There was the gun I hid from you, the time I sued the church, ruining Lisa's wedding in the future, remember that?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (going through his "Memory Box") Whoo, a letter from my old pen pal! Someday I'll write you back, Osama.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart accidentally moons the U.S. flag] Rich Texan: How dare he?! That's the flag my grandpappy rebelled against!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [As the Simpsons swim away from Alcatraz] Swim for San Francisco! Homer: We're not made of money! We'll swim for Oakland!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	French Sailor: [to the Simpsons] Mes amis, we hate American too! Come to France, and we shall mock the country that saved us twice from the Germans!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: See Lisa, instead of one big-shot controlling all the media, now there's a thousand freaks xeroxing their worthless opinions.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: This is an outrage. Since when are public figures fair game for satire? Smithers: Well your goons did run her off the road sir. Mr. Burns: I can't be held responsible for what my goons were ordered to do.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart (being burned on a frying pan by Kang and Kodos): Am I the only one here who's in horrible pain? Homer (eating himself on a frozen dish): You're the only one who won't shut up about it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned has shot Homer, who wobbles back and forth and finally falls next to the core destruct button. Ned:sighs in relief. Homer's tongue flops on to the button and presses it. Ned: Oh, you stupid son of a-- Springfield explodes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I bet you just blew up Springfield so you could get out of doing the garage! Well, the joke's on you, mister, the garage made it into Heaven too!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(the garage now has wings and a halo) God: Homer, it is time you got what is coming for you... by which of course I mean your frisbee!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Captain! Lisa: Science officer! Bart: Security! Marge: Marge! Mr. Burns: Now I insist you take off your shoes when you get inside. And while you're in there, grab as much cancer as you can.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Flanders: What the Family Circus?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mr. Flanders, why are you moving? Flanders: Cause I had a vision of myself... shooting your father. Bart: In this neighborhood, who hasn't? Lisa: Well, you can't fight fate, but if you must shoot our father, please remember our family motto: "Not in the face."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inspector Wiggum: Well, well, well, look who's here. Master Detective Eliza Simpson and her easily amazed sidekick, Dr. Bartley. Dr. Bartley: What's this? A doorknob! Good show!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inspector Wiggum (after eating eel pie): We British sure eat crap.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Purveyor [Comic Book Guy]: You may examine my curios, but do not touch my oddities. Use your judgment with my gewgaws.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inspector Wiggum (to Lou): Why can't you be more like Eddie? He never says a word against me. Lou: That's 'cause you cut out his tongue. Eddie (without a tongue): E's 'ight 'eef.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inspector Wiggum (escaping in a hot-air balloon): You'll never catch me! I'm traveling at the speed of wind! Ha ha ha...(a spaceship pops the balloon which causes it to spin away into the distance) Remember me for my police work and not the murders!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Why is my swimsuit so revealing? Homer: Marge, that's what turns a mediocre voyage into a fantastic voyage.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart (to Marge): Mom, did you have to fly out through all those boogers? Marge: Cut me some slack, I'm a widow.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [reading] Canned and frozen juices are more popular than ever these days, but most bachelors we know would prefer to squeeze their own tomatoes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'm just spreading the Playdude philosophy... hi-fi's, Norman Mailer, gettin' some. Homer: Um... what do you think "some" is? Bart: Uh... toys?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Oh my God! Someone somewhere says I'm better than someone else.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [when he sees Nelson helping Marge out with the garden] My mother... My bully... My God!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: A doctor for your teeth? What's next, a lawyer for your hair?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: He who ha-has last, ha-has best.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Krabappel: Bart did get 100. I gave a test on state capitals, but I forgot to roll up the map. Everyone got 100.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: What, I'm not fat enough already?! How could you say that to me?!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Come on Lisa, say everything's fine. [in a squeaky girly voice] Everything's fine. Lisa: That was you! Homer: Prove it!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (to Bart): All right, boy, which con did you work here? Copy off another kid? Pay attention in class and take notes?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: Bart's my bestest boyfriend.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson (pointing to the bats at the zoo): Haw haw! You're nocturnal! Marge: You don't have to impress me by making fun of others. I already like you. Nelson: Haw haw! I'm starting to let down my guard. Haw haw!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: It'll be B.L.A.M.! Bart, Lisa, and Mom! Hmmm? Bart: Mom, when I want lame and needy, I'll call Milhouse.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I would've followed Chloe, but my plans changed when God brought me a wonderful little boy. Bart, stop that! [Shows Bart cutting the TV with a saw] Bart: This isn't what it looks like. [continues sawing]
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Uh oh. The Christian Science Monitor has a flat tire. Man #1: I'll get the spare. Man #2: No! (praying) We must wait for God to jack us.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What happened to us, Marge? We used to feed each other cheese and laugh all night. Then came the heart attacks.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: Channel 6 News rocks! A car chase every night or the weather girl wears a tube top, and if she doesn't, you win a pizza!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chloe: Marge, where are you living now? Marge (mumbling): Evergreen Terrace. Chloe: Paris? Just like you always dreamed! Marge: Terrace. Evergreen Terrace. The street that smells like pee.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chloe (to Homer): I remember you in high school. You barfed in my tuba. Homer: I believe it was the school's tuba.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (to Marge): Oh Honey, her life can't compare to yours. You got three kids, a TV tray from Expo '67, and you're married to King Stink.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chloe (to Marge): Oh, that's it! I'm going to show you some moves I learned from G. Gordon Liddy! Marge: I'm so sick of names!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge (to Lisa): Lisa, honey, let me explain what happened tonight. Sometimes when your mom has half a glass of wine, she goes cuckoo bananas.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Thinking is for losers!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Be careful, Mom! There's hot lava under the ground! Chloe: Actually, when it's underground, lava is called magma! Lisa: You're so smart, Chloe! Chloe: Walter Cronkite told me the same thing. Marge: Come on! You're out of the girl business!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Chloe: Lisa! What are you doing in there? Lisa: Praying to Buddha, Jesus, SpongeBob! There's no time to be picky! (we see Buddha, Jesus & SpongeBob SquarePants in heaven) Buddha: Perhaps we should help. SpongeBob: Screw her! (laughs evilly)
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Maybe the Internet can help me out. It sure gave some good advice on wang enhancement. Okay, www.nuclearsecrets.com. "Are you a terrorist?" No. "Would you like to meet someone new, but are tired of the bar scene?" No! I will never tire of the bar scene!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer has created a working nuclear reactor) Lisa: Mom, Dad created a device that could be dangerous in the wrong hands. And HE'S holding it!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Get back in the garage, old man! Grampa: But there's spiders in the boxes! Homer: Stay out of my boxes!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: God, please give your daughter, the Tooth Fairy, the strength to carry my cash and the integrity not to dip her wand in the till.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: There's more than one way to lose a tooth! [to Nelson] Hey, idiot! You're fat! And your mom is naked on the Internet! You also smell. Nelson: Hmm. You've given me a lot to think about.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart, if you don't get up now, good luck getting a pancake. Dad's pulled his chair right up to the stove.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: We're big fans, Mr. Gladwell. Homer: Yeah, nothing makes parents happier than when an eccentric, single man takes an interest in their child.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vendor: Mr. Retailer, over here! Your customers will love these mood lollipops. Every lick reveals your mood. Apu: [lick, lick] It works, if blue is the color for unimpressed.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Grampa arrive at the border. Homer is dressed in Mexican clothing, including a sombrero] Homer: [To border patrol] Hola señor! We are gringo and wish to spend mucho dinero in your country. Border Patrol: Splendid! Welcome to Canada! Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Fear not Smithers! I'll move heaven and earth to save you! It's still easier then teaching a new assistant my filing system.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer's Business Card: (Gives to Marge in case she wanted to cheat on Moe) Homer Simpson Plus Size Butt Model
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, you can't go with me to Moe's. I mean, how would you like it if I came with you to your mother's? Marge: I would like it. You never come with me to my mother's. Homer: That's because I hate her.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crazy Cat Lady: Ugh, this whole place is disgusting. Marge: I agree. [turns around] Hey, aren't you the crazy cat woman? Crazy Cat Lady: Yes I am, but thanks to this psycho-active medication, I enjoy brief moments of lucidity. Marge: Those are just Reese's Pieces.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Crazy Cat Lady abruptly resumes her normal behaviour, screaming gibberish and hurling cats] Homer: The Internet wasn't created for mockery. It was supposed to help researchers at different universities share data sets. It was.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm the worst thing to happen to sports since Fox.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: My name is Jeff Albertson, but everybody calls me "Comic Book Guy". Ned Flanders: Well I'll just call you friend. Here's your tape, friend.
tv-simpsons	life	quip	general	0	[We see Pac-Man & Ms. Pac-Man at the Super Bowl getting married] Wedding Announcer: I now pronounce you Pac-Man and wife.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: (gulps) Time to face my punishment like a man, or find my way out of it like a kid!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wiggum: Lou, you're promoted to chief of police. Lou: Sweet. Wiggum: And Eddie, you're promoted to Lou. Eddie: Nice. And, uh, who's gonna be Eddie? Wiggum: We don't need an Eddie.(Eddie looks down in dissapointment.)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: I want to clear up a misconception about the Wha-Cha-Ma-Carcass Sandwich. I used non-diseased meat from diseased animals! Everyone does it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Barney: Now as the Road Runner said to the coyote. (jumps in the air mimicking the Road Runner) Beep Beep! (runs off)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sprawl Mart Boss: You're on fire, not like that useless old man. Homer: Hey, that useless old man happens to be my father! Please continue.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Sprawl Mart Boss: If you don't work all night then we're deport you back to Mexico. Homer: But I'm an American citizen. Sprawl Mart Boss: Oh, really, Senor Homer? (Holds a forged ID card claiming Homer is Mexican) Homer: Dios mio.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [visiting the corpse of Mao Zedong] Aww... Look at him sleeping... He's like a little angel, that killed 50 million people. [to Mao] Yes you are! Yes you are!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chinese "Bart": (the real Bart is absent) Feast on my shorts, you stupid American father!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Madam Wu: [after discovering Selma's scam] Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on Wu!
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Madam Wu: You may keep your baby, but you! Drop the panda! [Homer is seen trying to smuggle a panda cub into his luggage] Homer: But he loves me! [the panda bites Homer] OW! Why you little...! I'll endanger you! [strangles the panda]
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Bring back our kids you Cyprus splitting jerks! Turkish Captain: Just for that, we keep your children! Homer: Will you raise them christian? Turkish Captain: Coptic Christian. Homer: No!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (after learning that he failed the guard test) But he misread my pee!! He misread my pee!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart and Homer are flying around in an imperfect hovercar.] Bart: Why'd you buy the first hovercar ever made? Didn't you know it'd take a while to work out the kinks? Homer: I know! It's a hovercar!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: You love Moleman! You're gay for Moleman! Bart: No, you're gay for Moleman. Moleman: [morosely] No one's gay for Moleman.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Dad, remember how you said if I used a chainsaw unsupervised I'd hurt myself? Well, you were wrong. I hurt someone else.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: We're going to take the dog to the V-E-T. Santa's Little Helper: Huh? Marge: Then take Bart to get C-I-R-C-U-M-C-I-S-E-D. Bart: Huh? Marge: I'll tell you what it means when it's over, honey.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I've learned that even made-up corporate mascots can lie to you. Homer: Did you hear that Foxie, the Fox network fox?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spangler: Mr. Simpson, you're suffering from PSI. Poor self esteem. That's not I! (yelling) Every sign is wrong!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph Wiggum: A B C D E F G. [long pause] How I wonder what you are.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Why didn't we listen to dad?! Marge: The Worst part is i'll never see my Homie again! Satan: That's the Worst part? Then i'm not doing my job!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (To God) You have just made a powerful enemy!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What's this? [reads the note] "Goodbye Springfield...." Ned: [in voiceover] "The Flanders family has pulled up stakes. You have laughed at us for the Last-Diddly-Ast time!" Homer: Last-Diddly-Ast? [sobbing] He's gone! And it's all someone's fault! [sobs and eats cookies]
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What are you kids laughing at? And if you say Jimmy Fallon, I'll know you're lying!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Face it, Marge, Catholics rule! We've got Boston, South America, the good part of Ireland, and we're making serious in-roads in Mozambique, baby!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: All right! I'll let you shoot your gay adult film at my house. Mob Boss: I never said anything about gay. Homer: I thought you guys were the gay mafia. (Homer is once again hit with the hammers) Homer: Ow!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Diner Cook: Oh yes. Senora left with a rugged yet sensitive man of science. Homer: (worried) Rugged? Is that the same thing as 'handsome'? Diner Cook: Oh no. Handsome means he looks at himself in the mirror. Rugged means you look at him. Homer: (groans)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Whatever happened to please and thank you? Homer: I think they killed each other. You know, one of those murder-suicide deals.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Lisa, when you've sustained as many blows to the head as I have, consistency becomes a.. something... something.. I love you Bart!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: "Stamps rule! I mean, suck!"
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Mom, Dad, I'd give a kajillion dollars for you two to get back together. Homer: Make it 2 kajillion. Marge: Homer! Homer: We'll lose the first kajillion to taxes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr.Hibbert: I'm afraid that your son is in a deep coma, and may never wake up. Homer: Well, at least he's not dead. Dr.Hibbert: I should say so. This way I can keep billing you!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	(After getting shot in manhunt, Apu is reincarnated into a rabbit) Apu: Ha ha! You can't kill a Hindu! (Hops into a bear trap.) Apu: AH! Help me, Jesus!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: (to Bart) The last thing I want is for you to turn into that! (Points to Principal Skinner) Principal Skinner: (Looks behind him) What? The wall?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I will run for mayor! Lisa: And I'll be your campaign manager! Homer: And I'll find out what a Mayor does! (Gets some Beer) Expand my brain, learning juice!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, without this outfit I'm just Homer Simpson, multiple felon. With it I'm a costumed hero like George Washington, or Dame Edna!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: And now, we return to the Vic Tayback Hotel & Casino in Downtown Las Vegas for Has-Been Celebrity Poker. Host: As always, all our celebrities are playing for charity. Krusty: What?! I am so out of here!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: My husband has forgot our last three anniversaries, he made a badminton net out of my wedding dress, which he never uses, and last week, he called out his bowling ball's name during sex!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait a minute, if she's going bird watching then why did she leave her Peterson's Guide to Bird Watching? (Looks inside) (gasps) Road Runners are real?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lou: Sometimes it's easier to be cruel than to say what we really feel
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brandine: [to Cletus] You are the most wonderful husband - and son - I ever had.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (Upon hearing that Sideshow Bob has a wife and son) Holy moly! I always thought you were, you know, out loud and proud. Sideshow Bob: Well, I experimented in college, as one does. Homer: Yeah, I never went to college. Sideshow Bob [sarcastic] Stop the presses.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer as Joseph: A pregnant virgin? That's every man's worst nightmare!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abraham Simpson: [After Japanese fighter planes shoot down his brother, Cyrus] You'll pay for that, you haiku-spouting savages!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'll cut you a deal, I'll give you Milhouse. Principal Skinner: (upclose) I don't want Milhouse. Milhouse: Sounds like my parents' custody hearing.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pilot: (over intercom) Welcome to Atlanta folks, please remain seated until the aircraft has come to a complete stop. Bart: (looking up at the fasten seat belt sign) Nobody tells Bart Simpson what to do!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(He takes off his seatbelt and an alarm sounds) Pilot: Thanks a lot 33C! Now we have to fly all the way back to Minneapolis. And I'm very tired!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart:(addressing Willie) That job has been taken by the lower guy on the totem pole. Mr. Largo:(Having the tractor on top of the school) How did I get up here?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Simpsons fall into a hole. Homer is too fat to get through. Homer: I'm stuck and I have to piddle (short break) Now I'm just stuck.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: I had to start up from the bottom to get my fortune back. And to get to the bottom, I had to work my way up from Moe's.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe (retelling the story of his tragic romance with Edna): I was the happiest guy in the world, but fate likes to play a little game called 'Up Yours, Moe.'
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Barney, how do you keep getting back in? Barney: I'm a drunk, I don't know nothin' about how I do anything.'
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hey Moe. (Angrily) Thanks to you I've been sober all week!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rod and Todd are bored. Rod: What are we going to do now? Ned Flanders: What all sensible children are doing at your age. Looking at bread.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: [in response to Lisa's revelation of Mr. Teeny being born in Africa]That's a lie! Mr. Teeny was born in Funnytown, Krusty said so. Lisa: Nelson, Funnytown doesn't exist! Nelson: Aww, I wanted to live on Coo-coo Corner.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: All right, pal. I've made a diagram of all the places on Marge you're not allowed to touch. (shows diagram) Especially the hair! Charles: Oh, not to worry. I'm a bit of an elbow man myself. Bit different...bit weird...not sexual. Homer: You take forever to say nothing.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charles: Where is she? Where is that soul sucking she-beast I call sweetums?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Why must we share them with the world? Homer: Because we'll be on TV, and earn enough money to buy a TV... TV! Lisa: But Dad! Homer: Yes, TV-sa? Lisa: Forget it...
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (angrily): You're an useless old man! Name one thing you do for this family. Abe: I watch the baby. Marge: Where is the baby? Abe (surprised): You left me with a baby?!?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: A doctor?! I already got enough doctors touching me and poking me and squeezing me up here and jiggling me down there, and that's just the receptionist!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: So, Mr. Burns, you're saying my dad has gone insane, and thinks he's a god, and broken off all contact with the outside world? Smithers: I told you Simpson was a poor choice, sir. Mr. Burns: You know, Smithers, "I told you so" has a brother. His name is, "Shut the hell up"!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Burns: Well, I guess we'll have to find a place where the workers are more desperate and ignorant...Springfield!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Maid 1: "You know what I found in their dirty clothes hamper? DIRTY CLOTHES!" Maid 2: "I found a hair in the drain! Not a fine, upstanding head hair, but a curly-wurly!" Maids: "UNTIDY! UNTIDY! UNTIDY!"
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(shamrock wipe to reality) Marge: "(Hastily) Untidy! Untidy! Untidy!"
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: See that ball of fire? That's the sun. It goes by many names: Apollo's Lantern, day moon, Old Blazey. The important thing is never to touch it. Marge: I know what the sun is! Homer: Yes, now you do.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: We've been through more hardships than the Jews and Charlie Brown put together!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Isn't it weird that our parents are giving marital advice? They're always fighting. If you listen closely, you can hear them arguing right now. (she and Bart then listen closely) Homer: (in distance) And I say, a monkey can mow our lawn!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Watching Tabitha Vixx pole-dancing on stage during a concert Bart (dreamily): Wow. I've got a sudden urge to give her a five-dollar bill... Marge: That's it, we're leaving!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Ow, my schnoz! My punim! My pupik! My genechtagazoink!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Well, if you're through, let's check out that discount book warehouse. Homer: But we already own a book!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: This doesn't look easy. But I bet it is!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: Simpson, you've been waving your nuts in my face for too long...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer eats two German guys at an Oktoberfest] German Guy: What did we Germans do to deserve this? [Other German stares at him] German Guy: Oh, yeah.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Recruiter: How many of you like video games? (the kids cheer) Well, what if there was a violent video game that you could play for free, plus it's real and not a game at all?
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: By the time Bart is 18, we're gonna control the world. [pause] We're China, right?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Won't joining the army take me away from my family for two years? Recruiter: A large target like you will be home a lot sooner than that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Well, excuse me for having enormous flaws that I don't work on!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (thinking) I can't let Lisa find out. Time to do what I do best! Lie to a child!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Trust me Bart, it's better to walk in on both your parents instead of just one of them.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	(While watching outdoor silent movie Ned Flanders chose.) Kearney: This movie isn't silent, I can hear it sucking! Jimbo: And all the snacks we bought are "heart-smart". Dolph (referring to snack): What the hell is a radish anyway? It's like an apple did it with an onion.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: We left plenty of food so you won't starve. Grampa: Oh, thank you. Homer: I was talking to the cat.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Oh no, someone carved swastikas into your eyes! Homer: I'm sure it was just some guy, who was filled with hate.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer no! Revenge never solves anything! Homer: Then what is America doing in Iraq?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: I sentence you to life. Homer: You moron, I'm already alive! Judge: In prison! (hammers podium) Homer: AAAAH!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Martin: Hello dinguses! What are you doing, touching each others butts? Dolph: You're so dead you're alive!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [congratulating Milhouse on finding a way to take revenge on the school bullies] Because of you, all the nerds of the world can breathe easy. Except for the ones with asthma, which is all of them.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa Simpson: Yep, the Simpsons have never married or even shook hands with anyone interesting. In a world of 31 flavors, we're the cup of water they rinse the scoops in. Grampa out.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Utah? Home of America's most powerful weirdoes!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Utah Minister: So, how many wives will you be marrying today, Mr Simpson? Bart: Just one Utah Minister:What, are you gay?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Bart, take these volleyballs, fill them up, and throw them over the prison wall to create chaos and confusion.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Darcy [to Bart]: You look kind of young. Bart: Uh, yeah, I have that disease that makes you look like an old man, but they gave me medicine for it and I took too much.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Darcy: I'm very religious that way. Bart: How religious can you be if you're pregnant? (Darcy slaps Bart) Good answer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[When Darcy screams at Bart to get her strawberries] Bart: Take my wife, please... hey, I finally get that joke!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (calling Bart) Bart! This is a matter of life and death! What is the difference between "ketchup" and "catsup"? (Bart throws the cell phone away.) They're gonna cut my head off!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa [to Bart while he's driving]: Slow down! Watch out for that car. Your hands should be at 10:00 and 2:00, not 3:00 and nothing! Bart: You know, it'd be a real shame if someone started investigating your Indian heritage! Lisa: [meekly] I'll be good.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Darcy [to Bart]: You really are 10. I just thought you were really stupid. Bart: I'm 10 and stupid! Look if i'm not a father then, who is? Darcy: A Norwegian exchange student. He's long gone, back to Norwegia. I wanted you to marry me so my baby would have a dad.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Homer gave me a kidney once. It wasn't his, I didn't need it, and it came with postage due, but it was a lovely gesture.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: You're not getting away with this, young man! You're going to the school psychologist! Psychologist: [running out of the school] Dark Stanley's going to eat my brains!!! Chalmers: Or, preferably, a qualified professional.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[at Bart's last counseling session with school-paid psychologist Stacey Swanson] Bart: ...And then I had this dream that my whole family was just cartoon characters, and that our success had led to some crazy propaganda network called "Fox News".
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I have to warn you, I'm not good with details. Or the big picture. I also show up late. And drunk. [whispers enthusiastically] I have a good feeling about this!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Editor: (looking through Homer's photos) Terrific! Outstanding! This has Page One written all over it! What the hell did you do that for? (he holds up a photograph with "Page One" written all over it in ink) Homer: I wanted to remember my place in the book I was reading.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: What's that comin' out of the safe? Homer: I don't know--Maybe the Krusty doll accidentally turned on the car's headlights, which focused on the cologne bottle, causing it to boil and soon explode. Lisa: Dad, that's ridiculous!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Marge quickly puts a baby bonnet on him and snaps a shot with her camera as he cries out before she takes a second shot, which is among the first ones seen in the new family album.) Bart: Nooooooo!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Marge is telling her family how she is excited over discovering the Internet) Lisa: I am proud of you, mom! You are like Christopher Columbus - you discovered something millions of people knew about before you.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa (angrily): You can't give me a yellow card! You're my father! Homer: When I put on these shorts, I'm not your father anymore, and judging by how tight they are, I'm never going to be anyone else's either.
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart is about to revive Marge's character in the online role-playing game) Bart: Mom, I'm going to give you life the way I imagine you gave me life...by pressing Alt+F5 repeatedly.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: You stink, LaBoot! LaBoot: No I don't! Google my stats! LaBoot: Just it for me kid, you'll be just fine. Lisa: You feel better now, Bart? LaBoot: Bart? Are you Bart Simpson? LaBoot: Talking to you was an error in my life! LaBoot: BOO! Boo indeed!!! Bart: [Starts crying]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: This makes up for everything that's ever gone wrong in my life - or ever will!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Wiggum: Jump! Who said that? Bart: I hate Bart Simpson! Abe: You stink, LaBoot! LaBoot: Dammit!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [monotonous] Zombie kill! Bart: Not kill, play! Homer: [sullen] Zombie file grievance.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: Apu is dead! He has been reincarnated as this cat. [Homer and Moe gasp] Apu: Ha! You have just been Apu'd!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: How come things that happen to stupid people keep happening to me?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer and Milhouse are riding a dumpster down the street] Homer: [gasp] It's the cops, act normal! [places a banana peel on his head; woman's voice impersonation] Oooh, hello officer! Wiggum: Ahh, good afternoon ma'am. [sigh] What is it about a woman in a dumpster?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dental Hygienist: Here's a free tooth-brush! Keep those teeth clean! [handing Bart a bag] Bart: So you're saying I should do your job, for you, at home, for free? You wish! [Throws the bag in the trash can]
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Fox News reporter: This is Fox News, with the latest Liberal Outrage. It seems liberals want to give NASA the right to abort space missions whenever they feel like it! Homer: Liberals, I hate them so much!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Now let's enjoy the Miami of Canada -- Chicago!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What are you doing? You don't know how to fly a plane! Homer: I once drove a car off a cliff. How hard can it be? Hmm..., what's the ocean doing in the sky?
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: That church service was so boring! I did a whole book of find-a-words. Lisa: Dad, all you circled were the I's and A's. Homer: Those are words.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Hibbert: Homer, you have a mild back sprain. And you also ingested a dangerous quantity of grave dirt. Homer: Well, you're always telling me that I should eat more dirt. Dr. Hibbert: Not dirt, vegetables! Homer: ...Which grow in what?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: D'oh, d'oh, d'oh, d'oh, d'oh, d'oh, d'oh. Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. Stu-stu-stu-stupid Flanders. Ned Flanders: Why the crescendo my old friendo. Homer: Get lost, you waste of mustache! Ned Flanders: Okey dokley.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[He sings at crying when Mimi pulled off the bed, dead] Homer: Mimi!!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[cries again] Homer: Mimi!!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[cries again and it ends] Homer: When you married a man who would years later, without warning, become a tow-truck driver, you knew what the deal would eventually be.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: When you call in sick, who do you call? Louie: I don't call in sick, I work when I wanna. Homer: Sometimes you want to work?
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (Chuckles) I guess I'm more powerful than God now. Ned: You know what they say: "With great power comes great responsibility." Homer: Who said that?! I'll kill them with my power!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Bart, I'm starting to worry about your father. Bart: Well, I know he seems to get dumber every year, but lately he's plateaued.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, you cannot miss Lisa's big day. And you have to come sober! Homer: American sober or Irish sober? Marge: .08 sober! Homer: .15. Marge: .09! Homer: .10 with a stomach full of bread. My final offer. Marge (groans): Deal.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	(Marge opens oven.) Homer: Crème brûlée! Crème brûlée! Or, in English: Burnt cream! Burnt cream!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: All those nights I thought you were out getting drunk, you were out killing people?! Homer: I was out getting drunk, then killing people!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer prepares to assassinate Kent Brockman using a sniper rifle.) Homer: Now all I have to do is think of a clever line before I pull the trigger. (Thinks.) Oh, that's a perfect one. But I don't need to say it out loud 'cause I'm by myself.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Spider Burps!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Bart, stop talking to yourself. That'll show him. Now, how am I going to find out what color Marge's eyes are?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milo: These books are meant to be read and enjoyed, not hoarded and then sold when you get divorced.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: We're gonna be rich! We can finally start a family. Marge: We have a family. Homer: A better one!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: America has a tradition of turning outlaws into legends after their deaths: Billy the Kid, Bonnie and Clyde, Jesus Christ. Joining them now is Robert "Sideshow Bob" Terwilliger, whose funeral we're presenting with live shovel-to-shovel coverage.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Cecil: And it was my portrayal as the grieving brother that sealed the deal! Sideshow Bob: [coldly] Yes, and Hamlet is all about Laertes! Cecil: [annoyed] Will you please stop comparing me to Laertes!? Sideshow Bob: If the doublet fits...
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Dad, I can't remember what I did last night. Do have any idea? Grampa: You come to me for help rememberin'? That's like asking your horse to do your taxes -which I did in 1998. (Shows photo of horse using an adding machine.)
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	(On the phone) Marge: I'm just really worried about your weight. Bart says that we got a call from NASA, and your gravity is pulling satellites out of their orbit. Homer: Marge, that was a joke. Marge: But it comes from a true place...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The family is freezing by the fireplace.) Marge: We wouldn't be in this trouble if you'd just paid the heating bill! Homer: I thought global warming would take care of it! Al Gore can't do anything right!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mom, I didn't know you went to college. Bart: Yeah. You've always said that after high school, Dad "blessed" you with the unplanned miracle of me. Marge: Hey, parents are allowed to keep some secrets. Homer: Like which kid's their favorite. (whispering) It's Lisa.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Things happened between your mother and me that we're not proud of. It was the middle of a wild decade known as the 1990s. Bart: The 90s? Never heard of it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You applied to college? Why didn't you tell me? Marge: I did tell you. Homer: I thought you were telling me you wanted to apply yourself to making a collage! And as I recall, I was against it.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: And that is why The Lord of the Rings can never be filmed!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Did you know that every U.S. President has been a straight white man? Homer: Even Walt Disney?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The show comes back from a commercial break) Bart: Mom, why did you stop talking for two and a half minutes? Lisa: It seemed like twenty.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [sharing his and Marge's items into separate boxes] Okay, I'll keep the LPs, and you take the CDs, I'll take the typewriter, you take the computer, I'll take the Enron stock, you take the Microsoft stock, and...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [sighs] Seeing Marge always reminds me of Marge.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (narrating) I had finally realized every rock star's dream: Hating being famous.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: He who is tired of Weird Al, is tired of life.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dogcatcher Willie: You strays are going straight to the pound where you'll be put to sleep... by my boring stories. And then you'll be killed!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Goofy: (after stepping out of the gas chamber at the dog pound) Gosh, this place is no picnic, but it sure beats working for Disney!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Happy Valentine's Day, and shut your gob!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I never dreamed an American car designed in Germany, assembled in Mexico from parts made in Canada, could be so amazing.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	(A rat skitters across a railing, in an homage to the final shot of The Departed. Ralph appears from within a garbage can) Ralph: The rat symbolizes obviousness!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh boy, dinner time! The perfect break between work and drunk.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kent Brockman: So Chief, what's your final word on the Prince boy? Chief Wiggum: Hmm? Oh, dead. Definitely dead. Lou: Uh, Chief, aren't we supposed to, uh, notify the family first? Chief Wiggum: What do you think I'm doing right now? (Smiles at the camera.)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Marge is suspicious of Homer, who is wearing a fedora hat and a trench coat.) Marge: Homer, where are you going? Homer: Work. Marge: It's 4 o'clock on a Saturday. Homer: I, uh, have to... count the atoms at the nuclear plant. Conservation of mass! It's the law!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart, Martin could be seriously hurt or worse! We have to do something! Bart: You're right. Let's watch TV.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'm not a nerd. I'm a jock who's too cool for sports.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: You have made a very powerless enemy.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Stop saying things, Bart. That's the TV's job.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Chazz Busby: I haven't seen crap like this since my Broadway show Crap Like This. Ran for five years.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Son, while your mother and little mother are out, I'm gonna let you in on a deep, dark family secret. Bart: You have a drinking problem? Homer: I said secret.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I can't believe you were smoking! Do you know that sturgeon general says you're not supposed to? Lisa: A sturgeon is a fish. Homer: And a very wise fish he is.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Bart, get me my suicide axe. Marge: No suicide axe! Homer: (loud whisper to Bart) Later.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Radio DJ: Here's a song that's rising faster than a rocket with a rocket up its butt!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: [to Lurleen] If you ever come near Homer again, I'll strangle you with your own hair extensions. That's right, I know.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: So Dean Martin would show up at the last minute and do everything in just one take? Homer: That's right. Bart: But Wikipedia said he was "passionate about rehearsal". Homer: Don't you worry about Wikipedia. We'll change it when we get home. We'll change a lot of things.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Sorry Lis, I can't be a vegetarian, I love the taste of death!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: You're in a better place now, Lou. And I'll always be proud that, for once in my life, I had a cow man.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus: We always figured someday Mary would marry. That's why we called her "Mary." We name all our kids after what we thinks gonna happen to 'em. Ain't that right, Stabbed In Jail? Stabbed In Jail: [whittling a stick] We'll see who stabs who.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Let this be a lesson to you, never form emotional attachments... also don't be a cow.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: Well, if we can't get into Sundance, would you like to check out its alternative cousin, Slamdance? Superintendent Chalmers: I'd rather die.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I never wanted to be famous for being mean. I wanted to be famous for catching Santa Claus.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [Talking to his mother] You keep disappearing and reappearing and it's not funny. You're just like that show, Scrubs.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mona: For Marge, I leave this handbag, made of nature's finest material, hemp. Marge: [Sniffs the bag] Smells like concerts!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I don't even want your pie! Mona: But you already ate the whole thing. Homer: Well, I'm not going to digest it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Award Show Presentator: We now come to our final award: Entertainer of the Year. An award so prestigious that it recently won the 'Award of the Year' Award at the 2007 Awardie Awards.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Mel: [Narrating] Lisa didn't know it then, but she had just dipped her toe into the business of show! And it is a business, as you shall find out in about three seconds. Two... One... [The show cuts to commercial.]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Mel: Applause is an addiction, like heroin or checking your e-mail.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [watching the St. Patrick's Day celebrations] Urgh, where's the IRA when you need them? Ex-IRA Member: We renounced the ways of the gun and the bomb. [A double decker bus bearing a Union Jack drives past] Oh, in the old days, we'd have been all over that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: This was such a pleasant St. Patrick's Day until Irish people showed up.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Judge Roy Snyder: Bail is set at $25,000. Homer: [scoffs] I make that in a year.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: So how about a little steak-out music. Ned: Homer, I don't think we have the same musical tastes. Homer: Well I like :AC/DC. Ned: I like their Christian cover band :'AD/BC. (Starts Singing):Kindly deeds done for free.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: And you have to promise me no "diddlies" or "doodlies." Ned: Friend, you got yourself a deal-a-rooney! Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Bart, how did you get a cellphone? Bart: The same way you got me, by accident on a golf course.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Constipated Gorilla/Denis Leary: "No longer must we live in shame, let the decree go forth, EVERYBODY POOPS!"
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart prank calls a Hawaiian bar] Hawaiian Bartender: Aloha. Bart: Aloha to you. I'm looking for Maya. Last name Normousbutt. Hawaiian Bartender: Hang on. I'll check. Uh, has anyone seen Maya Normousbutt? [Bar patrons laugh, while the bartender glares at the phone in rage.]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Bart is at a low end of a see-saw while Mr Burns is at the high end and won't fall) Bart: Why won't you come down? Mr. Burns: I told you. I only weigh as much as my clothes and keys.
tv-simpsons	science	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (while falling) Aw, come on gravity...You used to be cool.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You just cost me $200,000! Bart: I thought it was 50. Homer: I was gonna bet it on the dogs!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [holding toy newspaper] For your information, The Daily Growl is the only newspaper that's not afraid to say how great this country is.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The kitchen is filled with appliances transforming] Homer: Hey is there something different about the kitchen? Transformers: No no no. [Homer looks at the toaster which transforms into the word "No"] Homer: Well the toaster's never lied to me before.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Destructicus: That does not compute. Marge: (sternly) Really? Destructicus: Well, it computes a little.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer is being sucked into the possessed voting machine during the opener] Homer: This doesn't happen in America! Maybe in Ohio--but not America!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chalmers:You're welcome, now, I have to go home and make sure my pool boy is using his SKIMMER!! Skinner: (Appears in the school window.) You called? Chalmers: You misheard. Skinner: My mistake. (Disappears back in the window.)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bookie: Here's your money, soaked in your daughter's tears. Homer: Y'know, for a bartender bookie, you're awfully judgmental.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: Mr. S. Lisa B.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(the crowd moans in disappointment) Bart: You think you're cool because you buy a $500 phone with a picture of a fruit on it. Well guess what, they cost eight bucks to make and I pee on every one!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	(the crowd gasps in horror) Bart: I have made a fortune off you chumps. And I've invested it all in Microsoft. Now my boyfriend Bill Gates and I kiss each other on a pile of your money!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Praise to Oliver! Mina: That's Allah. Homer: We'll look it up in the Corona.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bashir: [holding up Bart's sling shot] Bart forgot this, sir. Homer: "Sir?" That's the kind of respect I'd have to strangle out of an American kid!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: 1200 Dollars?! But I only downloaded... 1212 songs.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Who is that man and why isn't his enthusiasm being punished? Smithers: That's Mark Cuban sir. He's the most flamboyant owner in the league. Mark Cuban: (Slides down a zip line from a hook while holding a fire cracker.) (enthusiastically) I'M OUT OF MY MIND!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Burns: (Walks into a tree, and falls over. Then points at the tree.) Kill his acorns and make him watch.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bumblebee Man: Stop, I'm one of you! Bee: (buzzing)We hate you the most, uncle Tom!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Hey Mom, can Juliet sleepover? Marge: Are your parents okay with that? They've never met us. Bart: We could be murderers. Homer: Could have been, if we hadn't had kids.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Are you saying Lisa is not at the Model U.N.? Martin: (Dressed as a Belgian delegate.) To the extent you can trust the word of a Belgian...yes!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm going to find Dondelinger and tell him I know what he did last summer...22 years ago...in the winter!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dondelinger:The brown-haired girl gave me a look, The redhead in the park was reading a book, The girl at the airport upgraded my car, Tonight I wonder, just where you are...
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: At the end of the month we're be participating in the Vice President's Assessment Test. Nelson: He stinks! Principal Skinner: We're assessing you, not him. Nelson: Withdrawn.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: This is so hard because I always thought Mom was the strong one. Bart: She is. Look. (Homer is crying as he is about to hang himself on a tree.) Homer: Goodbye. (He hangs himself, only for the tree to crash on his car.) Homer: (getting up) w:D'oh!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: He's nailing something to the door! Lisa: Maybe it's theses. Homer: Ewww, that's gross.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Now Maggie, I'll be watching you too, in case God is busy creating tornadoes or not existing.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: C'mon lady, have a heart! I'm sure your husband does stupid things sometimes too. Mother Superior: (indignantly) I'm married to Jesus! Homer: Pssh, yeah right. And I'm married to Wonder Woman!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Don't eat so fast! (talking to his hand that's pretending to be Maggie) Homer's Hand: No! Me so hungry!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mother Superior: (to Lisa) You must wear your gown with modesty, not like Sister Marilyn Sister Marilyn: (In a nun's gown, standing over a wind thing, mimicking the famous photograph.) Oooh!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mother Superior: Are you a bit of a Doubting Thomas? Lisa: More of a Curious George. Mother Superior: Well, little monkey, you should spend some time with the man in the yellow hat. (Cut to Lisa in front of a picture of Jesus with a halo that looks like a hat.)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Step a side ladies, I'm bringing the peace.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Lovejoy: So in summary, there are only two real commandments and the other eight are just filler.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Trying on a tuxedo.) Bart: This one's a little gay, isn't it? Store Worker: Well the last time I checked, pirates weren't gay. Homer: Ew. How'd you check?
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: I'm selling all sorts of faith based knick knacks. [points to bumber stickers] Channel 6 newsman: Let's take a look. Moe: [reading bumper stickers] I'd commit arson for the Parson. Clergyman can kiss my apse. And all kinds of gems. Surprisingly none of them have sold.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	except for this one. [holds up button that reads "Welcome Parson" [At Moe's.] Homer: (to Maggie) Now you learn your numbers from these billiard balls while daddy gets happier and happier and then sadder and sadder.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carl: How did your date go, Moe? Moe: Incredible. I've never felt like this before. It's like my heart wants to do her.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Who'd have thought that such a little woman could make me feel so big?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: [to Milhouse] We've got the how, we've got the who, but we don't have the why. Willie [with letter "Y" in his head]: Here 'tis. [Yanks Y from his head and placed it on a desk.]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Oh, Bart. I don't care that this is just an act. You've finally become the boy every mother dreams of--A girl!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jenny: Are you saying our entire relationship is based on lies? Bart: Not our entire relationship, just the stuff I said.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: If you don't stop smiling, you're gonna get a kiss!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I've never been called "fierce" before. "Strident." "Hectoring" has been tossed around.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm sorry, Moe. I didn't mean everybody everybody, hope you don't mind.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alaska Nebraska: I am so sick of fans in my food.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Get a room! Homer: Come on boy, be cool. Bart: But- Homer: Be cool or you're grounded!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	King Julio: (about Lenny) Guards take him away and put things inside of him! Guard: Nice things? Julio: No, not nice things!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: [upon seeing Selma naked] Whoa, someone call Beowulf! Grendel got in again!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Selma: I don't need a man, for I have England! Moe: Yeah, you keep telling yourself that.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Lovejoy: Lord Jesus, although our country turned Protestant for the sole reason that our fat, mean king could dump his faithful wife, we know you're on our side. So please destroy these horrible monsters who believe your mother should be revered.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	King Julio: Normally I love to see flaming dream boats heading my way but not like this baby!! Not like this!!!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: (After a dying Sideshow Mel praises William Shakespeare.) Well, if you see him in Heaven...tell him he sucks!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Minnesota Vikings apparel? This is Tennessee Titans country!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: You are acceptable. Homer: Great, do you wanna see me naked? GP Executive #1: Oh there's no nudity in this movie. Homer: What movie?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: This goes against every feminist bone in my body, but Dad, can't you control your woman? Homer: How can I control her? I have nothing to withhold.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Call me a killjoy, but I think that because this is not to my taste, no one else should be able to enjoy it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Watching Marge's fight on TV] Moe: Come on, come on, get back on your feet, I believe in you! Barney: (climbing the bar from the tavern floor) I'm doing it Moe! Moe: Not you. Barney: Oh thank god! - the pressure's off. (falls back down)
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Out of all the stupidest things I've ever done, this is the stupidest. And you're doing it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: She found my one weakness... that I'm weak!
tv-simpsons	life	verse	general	0	Twenty-eight days later, Springfield's inhabitants have all succumbed to the cow virus and are eating or infecting everyone else who is not a Muncher Moe: A little tip... you might want to wash me before you eat me. Barney: All right! Carl: Yeah, you better! Lenny: Thank you.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: (Gasps) Bart ate a tained burger! Homer: I'll bash him with this book! Lisa: Dad, No! That's the last book in the world! Homer: Really? Lisa: Yes! It's... Oh, Go ahead.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: To the panic room! Marge: We don't have a panic room. Homer: To the panic room store!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rainer Wolfcastle: Come with me if you want to live! [is devoured by a mob of zombies] Homer: Another politician who can't keep his promises.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What kind of civilized people eat the body and blood of their savior!? [Camera pans to Reverend Lovejoy nervously fidgeting with his Clerical collar.]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kodos: This is the best musical in light years. Kang: Light years measure distance, not time. Kodos: You know what I meant.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carl: Homer, there's a moth in my room! Where are you?
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer:[about Marge and Ned having an affair]: My wife and my worst friend. Could it be?
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: The most intimate evening we spent this week was when I was ironing your shirts Homer: Actually, those were Carl's shirts
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: I'm not thinking straight, why did I have that wine cooler last month?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rod: We thought you were gonna die. Tod: And then Uncle Kevin would have to raise us. Rod: And his funny friend, David. Ned: Oh I'd put rocks in your pocket and walk you out to sea for before I'd let that happen. Rod and Tod: Yay!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You two are going out? I thought I told you the Flanders were coming over for dinner. Lisa: I'm having a tea party at Janey's. Bart: And I'm having a stink bomb party at the house next to Janey's... no connection.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Stop dragging me! When I get older I'm gonna drag you around and buy you clothes. Marge: Oh, that's wonderful!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: I'm gonna miss Ted, he was a good supervisor Carl: Definitely hands off. He didn't mind if we punched in late, or not at all. Homer: And he didn't mind that we made a few changes to the soda machine... mmm... beer.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, what are you doing? Marge: This junk food has got to go. It's full of chemicals, trans fats, and hard pore corn.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, for cryin' out! I hate traffic, the band and the phenomena!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the kid's 'Bonk It' toy] Homer:Hey kids,it's daddy's turn.Stomp it! Crush it! Kill it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Ohhh, why do my actions have consequences?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brandy: Drink up,sweetie. Let the possum work its magic.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa:Possum?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brandy:Oh,don't worry. We don't kill it. We just dip it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus:Brandy?! Where's the bazook?![Looks at his son,holding the bazooka.] Aw, he's gonna shoot them Google Earth folks that caught me with my britches down.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus: Oh for God's-! You know, one hillbilly has his way with one fat guy in Deliverance, and suddenly people think that's all hillbillies do!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Are you sure this will work? Milhouse: Hey, this is the DVD my parents used to make me. Bart: So it kind of works.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marshall: So many hat boxes!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: First girls ruin Sex in the City, and now this!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: We have to cut costs. Lenny: But we have way more expensive unnecessaries than doughnuts. Carl: Yeah, like the ceiling furniture. Lenny: And all the joke ID badges we ordered. Mr. Burns: No doughnuts! Lenny: No! Homer: D'oh! Carl: Nuts! Mr. Burns: Exactly!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Lovejoy: And now Valerie and Dave will deliver their own vows, because my vows, apparently, weren't good enough. Show me how it's done Dave.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: What is this, tough love? Bart: It's a little more like "soft hate".
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eliza: Follow me north to freedom. Virgil: I don't think so. Eliza: Why? Because I'm young and I'm a woman? Virgil: No. Because you're pointing south.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: You are now officially a sociopath. Bart: Hey, at least I'm on a path. Marge: You told Bart to kiss that girl? Why not encourage him to knock her out and drag her to a cave? Grampa Simpson: Second base? Oh, Bart is a little too young for that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ralph: I cheated the wrong way! I wrote the Lisa name and gave the Ralph answers!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [about Flanders] I think he's trying to get Dad into heaven. Bart: Great, more hell for me!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: I am trying to save myself from going to Hell. Lisa: Jews don't believe in Hell. Krusty: No Hell! Thank you kid, you made my day.(heads over to the Gaza Strip Club)
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I am the Messiah, come to save the world! Look upon me and shudder! Bart: I already do that.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What is it you want oh mighty gurkin? Larry the Cucumber: You are the chosen one to lead the holy land.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: Grab your scripts, people. We open in twenty minutes. Break a leg! (to a passing man) I said break a leg! (the man takes a hammer and hits the knee of his right leg, which cracks) For God's sake, man, it's a figure of speech! You're fired. (the man hobbles offscreen)
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I am so glad I'm not your kid. Lisa: Well I'm so glad I'm not your mom. Bart: You should be. If I was in your tummy, I'd poo in your throat. Lisa: Eww! Eww, eww! I'll never get that image out of my head!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Yeah, the war's over and the future won. The past never had a chance man.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [To Ralph] How'd a pull-up like you get a great card like that? Ralph: My not-dead grandma sent it from Tokyo. Bart: Ralph, I'll play you for that card. Ralph: Okay, but if I win, you have to teach me how to play this game. Bart: Deal!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: (in letter): "There is no easy way to say goodbye forever, so I'll say it in the hardest way I can... Mandarin Chinese."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Alright buddy, I'm gonna do to you what you should've done to my son a long time ago!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I already spent my money. I payed some idiot to walk up the down escalator all day. [scene cuts to Gil walking up the down escalator]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Managers manage, and players play. Ralph: Do alligators alligate? Lisa: I don't know! Yes! Ralph: I'm scared!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: You made me love baseball. Not as a collection of numbers, but as an unpredictable, passionate game, beaten in excitement only by every other sport.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart Simpson: It's just a game. We're not really hurting anybody. [Accidentally hits Milhouse in the eye with controller] Milhouse Van Houten: My non-lazy eye!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Marge accidently hits Milhouse in the eye with her elbow] Milhouse Van Houten: My other eye!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After taking Lisa to the forest and carrying her up a tree, Edmund reveals his fangs] Lisa Simpson: [gasps] You're a vampire! I should be scared, but I'm not. Edmund: Let us move between the trees the way a bat does... by jumping!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa Simpson: Edmund's almost here! So please, nobody be themselves. Homer Simpson: I know, I know. Don't serve garlic, don't stab your guest in the heart with a wooden stake, don't ask him if he knows Frankenstein. It's racist somehow.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Edmund: [to Lisa] Sorry. My dad insisted on coming. [a bat appears and turns into Dracula] [clearly aggravated] Dad! I don't need a chaperone. I'm 400 years old. Dracula: You live in my crypt, you play by my rules. Edmund: You're tearing me apart!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Dad, can I talk to you for a second? Homer: What is troubling you, my son? I mean, my girl son.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Sooner or later, everyone meets their Homer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Just pick a dead end and chill out till you die.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: [singing to the tune of Loch Lomond while waxing the floor] Oh, I'll wax the upstairs and I'll wax the downstairs and I'll get drunk in the library!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [after seeing Cloisters Academy school bus] Lord Buddha, I know I'm not supposed to want stuff, but come on!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: What's your note say? Lisa: The seven of clubs? Homer:[Revealing himself to have put the 7 of clubs to cheer Lisa up] Tada!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jeff Zucker: NBC, you are here to listen and not speak!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [telling the kids a horror story in a creepy voice] The Bloody Hangman walks on his stubby bone feet through the plague-ridden streets of London... Lisa: You said it was Boston. Homer: [still in a creepy voice] Did I?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: My mom ran off with my birthday clown.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: [to Raymond Bird] Now that you're officially my bird, let me fill you in on the pecking order around here. The top dog is me, followed by the top dog, the dog, then the cat and then you. But don't feel bad. You're ahead of Milhouse.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: I thought your race car was a Transformer! Nothing's one thing anymore!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Santa Claus (Krusty): Kids never change; always dumb as potatoes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Agnes Skinner: Hey, Simpson! How come you ain't in combat like a real man? Homer: I'm too fat to fit in a foxhole.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer is talking with "Fit Tony", Fat Tony's cousin] Fit Tony: I keep my friends close... Homer: But your enemies closer? Fit Tony: No! Why would I do that? If I kept my enemies close, they would kill me!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: And America has so many enemies. Iran, Iraq, China, Mordor, the hoochies that laid low Tiger Woods, undesirable immigrants - by which I mean everyone that came after me, including my children...
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I don't know. Can I really betray my country? I say the Pledge of Allegiance every day. Chinese Agent: You pledge allegiance to the flag. And the flag is made in China.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I just have one question about hair: where does mine start? Head, head, head, hair! Where's the border?! Lisa: Oh, my God! Me too! Bart: What are we?!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Herman Melwood: Don't thank me, thank Hollywood for being completely out of good ideas.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [to Bart] My little Roman Polanski. Marge: Homer! Homer: What? What's wrong with being Roman Polanski? Marge: [whispers in Homer's ear] Homer: He what?! YOU MONSTER!! [starts strangling Bart]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: These flowers saved me from a terrible fate: not getting an A on my next science project!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [to Lisa] If you were a boy, you'd be a scientist!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: What did you do during the war? Walter Hotenhoffer: World War II? I wasn't born yet! Abe: It's funny how many Germans say that these days.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: It's like we've got our own monster! Homer: Your grandfather is not a monster! Now, let's chain him in the basement until the circus comes to town. Abe: Sounds good!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: Together, we survived the Depression, won a few wars and put a man on the moon. In fact, the only mistake our generation made, was creating that generation! [points at Homer, Lenny and Carl dancing around Homer's burning car]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Dave's not here, man!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart Simpson: "Precious, is that you?" Homer Simpson: "Yes Mama." Bart Simpson: "You think you're so pretty, where's my Lotto Ticket?!" Homer Simpson: "I forgot, Mama."
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Initiate Phase 2. Bart: I forgot what Phase 2 is, but I'll assume we just dump the peaches like we discussed. Lisa: Affirmative. Bart: I'll assume that means "yes". Lisa: Roger. Bart: The name's Bart.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boy: I can see why they call you the "Great Simpsina". Lisa: My friends call me Lisa. Bart: She has no friends. Lisa: Shut up!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: This is our house. There's nothing buried here but hopes and dreams.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart, I haven't been selling the truffles. I have been eating them. Bart: Really? Why? Lisa: Vegetarian food is so boring! Pasta! Soy! You know what's a bad pizza topping? Broccoli!
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	[both Marge and Homer are drunk] Marge: Now, which is our room again? Homer: You know. It had that painting of that lady and that monster on the ceiling. Marge: That was a mirror!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Okay, first of all, it's never wise to use the word "spew" in a love song.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Why would a popular fifth grader like Taffy be interested in a Milhouse like Milhouse? Bart: I dunno. It's one of those mysteries, like how do my clothes get clean, and put back in my drawers?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Taffy's up to something, and I won't find out what it is sitting on a computer. It's time to get boots on the ground! [cut to Lisa putting flower-patterned boots to her feet] [sweetly] You like my boots? Bart: Once you get past the sister ick, they're fine.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: What's this key with the plastic skull for? Bart: That's for my box with the real skull.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: So how come we have all these other keys? Homer: Well, if you live long enough, you'll start to accumulate things. This is from a gas station's men's room. They put a block of wood on it so you don't walk away with it.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I've discovered a mystery wrapped in a riddle in the basement of a lousy school!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hey, kids! If I tossed you guys a bucket full of something, could you pour it out and toss the bucket back up? Don't drink it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Actually, I do have a speech prepared. Skinner: Excellent, Lisa. Freeplay cancelled. Children: Aww. Bart: No one cancels my freeplay. [Bart breaks Milhouse's glasses] Bart: Sorry man. Milhouse: It's OK, thanks for making me part of the revolution.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Woah-woah-woah. No leaving until we all spook you on Edna's face. All right, pipe down back there, you'll get your chance. Barney: Aw, come on Moe, quit hogging the Face.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I do have a place you can go, where a sadistic man with government experience can feel right at home.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: So much violence on the surface world... I'm going back! [jumps back under ice]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne: Homer is implanted with several high powerful tracking devices. Marge: How did that happen? Wayne: I left them out in a bowl and he ate them.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: No! Not the middle seat!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lunchlady Doris: We can't keep serving the same day every day, these kids have mashed potatoes coming out of their ears. [Jimbo runs past with mash potato in his ears, as he didn't want to listen to Bart] Superintendent Chalmers: Point taken.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What brought you to Springfield? Was it our Frito Lay distribution center?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Wow, that's the farthest one of my egg ever made it down someone's throat.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: My fresco! That's coming out of your stealings!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I guess it's not much when you look at real problems in the world like Major League umpires not using instant replay.. ok...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: This place is beautiful as a the side of a Coors Lite bottle. The kind my dad used to leave in the bathroom.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I thought teachers only went outside to smoke and cry.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Same garbage, different dumpster.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Edna: We have shirts from other high schools. Marge: Ooh, we can wear those to the nice malls.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Sea Captain: Yar, just plastic. Which is healthier than what you find in the ocean.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Ned (to a prostitute who accosts him): Spend less time on your back and more time on your knees.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Traitor. How dare you betray the planet I got laid on?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: For further communication, I will require more beans.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Halloween - the one time of the year where the squalor of our home works to our advantage.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm on the floor. I can't move. So far a normal Sunday morning...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I take your sugary sweets and give you healthy items... Bart: This is exactly why kids need a union.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Now prepare to take an incredible journey across the room.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I won't say, but his initials are S.F. Roz: Stupid Flanders!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You're my personal savior. Ned: Thank you, but I don't approve... Homer: Hail Flanders, mightier than Jesus.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: She's the most evil person to come out of Ohio since LeBron. But at least he thought long and hard before screwing everybody over. In public. For no reason.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Fink: Hello, Miss Wyoming. I'll have to climb your Grand Tetons to another night.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Miss Wyoming: [after receiving Frink's call] WHY WON'T HE LOVE ME!? [cries on her bed]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If an emergency alarm goes off, there's ear plugs in the top drawer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, get my seal club, the big one!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: To sweeten the deal, I'll pick you first for basketball.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: I really need that cootie shot, my dog and I accidentally touched tongues. Bart: How is this accidentally when it's the fifth time?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I've come around on hipsters. It takes a lot of guts to all wear the same hat.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Krustyland has a new ride, the Eyeballs of Death. It only passed the safety by a 3 to 2 vote. And that third didn't come cheap.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I don't eat anything new unless I've tried it before.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: They're using pancakes as spoons. Bart: Ooh, let's see what else they're doing wrong.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: SPORTS stands for Strict Parental Oversight Rather Than Sports.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: What if we roll pennies and go to the dollar store? Homer: That's good, Marge. Get all the terrible ideas out of your system.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: How come they never call me fun mom? Homer: A family's like a team. On every team, you have the slam dunking mega star and the referee.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Developer: I have twins I've never met. Bart: When you meet them, tell them your game is too easy.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: From the dad that brought you cemetery paintball and go carts on real roads...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: These aren't dinosaurs! Dinosaurs sing! [throws Barney doll into a dinosaur's mouth] Ralph: [getting scared] I wanna go back inside mommy. [tries to hide under his mother's skirt]
tv-simpsons	science	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: It's not against the law to sleep in a Tyrannosaurus head! Security Guard: Sir, you're inside an Allosaurus. Homer: I demand to speak to my paleontologist!
tv-simpsons	arts	quip	general	0	Neil Gaiman: I've heisted myself to the bestseller list once again. And the most brilliant part is: I don't even know how to read!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I got the idea from every movie ever made.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [about Neil Gaiman] British Fonzie is right.
tv-simpsons	arts	quip	general	0	TweenLit CEO: Is R.L. Stine here? Because you just gave me goosebumps.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tweenlit CEO: [about the changes made to the group's novel] Don't feel bad. Before we got our hands on Twilight, it was about a girl who fell in love with a golem, but teens weren't going to spend their allowances to join 'Team Shmuel'!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Everybody knows you got the idea for the series after an explosion at a crumpet factory knocked you off a double-decker bus. How could that be made up?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: The point of the dinosaurs is: no matter what we do, an asteroid is going to wipe us out. So we should party hard and wreck the place! Homer: Yeah, why should the asteroid have all the fun?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kids (Johnson, Cindy, Tucker, Turner, and Harper): [Shrieks] A troll! Moe: Hey, I ain't a troll! Look, I bleed red, just like you! [He pokes a needle on his finger. Green blood leaked out of Moe's finger.]The first part is always green. It turns red!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jimbo: Your fists are your sisters? Dolph: Yeah, Pocahontas and Sacagawea! Bart: Nice save.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Burns: Take us out first. Anyone can start a family. These days no one can find a job.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'll get one those jobs where you don't need to read. Like french fry maker or general.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Can you be my dad? Robert: If your mom was a secretary, there's a good chance I am.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robert: There ain't enough bourbon in Kentucky for you, big guy. Homer: Yeah, the governor wrote me a letter to that effect.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Robert: Before you say yes, Simpson I fell it's my duty to warn you, account men lose their soul. Homer: Woohoo! No more church!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robert Marlow: In two weeks, the only tie I'll be wearing will be for auto asphyxiation.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Why can't I be funny with just my words? Bill Maher doesn't put dangerous things near his crotch. Except when he's off work.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: They were kids, and we gave them candy if they laughed! And if they didn't, until the 70s, I hit them with a stick! Some jerk tacked down the kids and made a documentary. It's called "Circus of Shame" or something.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Annie: I was so mad at him, I didn't have sex with a clown for five months! Homer: What about mimes? Annie: Come on, I'm not made of stone.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: They took my dressing room, my parking space, even my writer, so I don't have a funny third item.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: No more TV! We're going to get some fresh air and visit a museum. Of television!
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: People also lover a quitter. Sarah Palin. The Beatles.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Annie Dubinksy: If you ever hear a star's name and wonder, is he dead? The answer is either "I represent him" or "yes."
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: And all the movies are over a year old. It's like those parodies were written when the movies came out, but it took so long to animate them that we look dated and hackey.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	[The Simpsons have just finished the Thanksgiving dinner] Homer: I'll never eat turkey again. Marge, we got any ham?!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: [wearing an elf hat and having some mashed potato on his face in the shape of a beard] I'm Santa?! Oh, now I'll never die.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Can we just send out a picture of the pets as reindeers Marge: We tried that last year. [camera pans to a photo of Santa's Little Helper and Snowball V with toy reindeer horns attacking Homer] Homer: D'oh!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Who cares what we look like in whatever stupid year this is? Marge: You'll understand one day, when you have kids of your own. Lisa: Umm, who say's we're gonna have kids of our own? Bart: Not me, man! This cycle of jerks has to end!
tv-simpsons	science	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: I can't believe we put a man on the Sun, but we can't stop my sneezing.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: How did my daughter turn into my brother? Milhouse: Don't blame me. When we had her, they used only the best genetic material - which meant none of mine.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Why don't you take Zia to your parents for Christmas, while I nurse my allergies in one of the non-Christmas celebrating states? Lisa: You could go back to Michigan. It's still under Sharia law. Milhouse: Yeah, but they always make me wear a veil.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer comes in with a top hat, a scarf, a smoking pipe, and a carrot] Bart's elder son: Hey grampa, are you gonna build a snowman? Homer: No, I just like to dress up to eat my carrots and smoke.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Want to go to a concert tonight? 68% of the original Cher is playing.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Sometimes I wish strangling your kid was still legal. Marge: Not since they passed Homer's law.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: My daughter thinks I'm a ruthless tyrant, like Hitler or Prince Harry. Homer: [chuckles] Bloody Harry. He brought back beheading in a big way.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Where's dad? Lisa: He took the boys out. Bart: How can he be such a cool grandfather when he's such a lousy father? Marge: People learn from their mistakes, and your father made so many mistakes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Oh, Martin Prince is now Marcia Princess.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Is it snowing down here? Wiseguy: No, one of the freezers is busted.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: When a guy who loves America cries, it makes him super straight.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: The hot dogs spin counter clockwise in fear when you arrive.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: They know I'm doing a character. Like Stephen Colbert or Newt Gingrich.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Do you really need all these Kurt Vonnegut novels? Lisa: They self-reference each other!
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Mapple Salesperson: The lightest, most desirable computer in the world, for the next three weeks - the Mapple Void. Homer: I'll take it, provided you charge me for services that Google offers for free. Mapple Salesperson: We already have! Homer: Sweet.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I have a thousand friends! And only eight of them are Milhouse!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Man, this website makes talking drunk to my wife so much safer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: Uh-oh. Doctor Hibbert keeps liking Bumblebee Man's posts. That's how it starts.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: From now on, I'll dominate you in ways you don't realize.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: Worst climbing Everest!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I dump on you, and you take it. That's how friendship works.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marguerite, I leave to fight in Flanders. Stupid Flanders!
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Luigi: Now that's a spicy meet-cube!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: We show girls love on Valentine's Day, and they let us blow things up on the Fourth of July. I just pray they never fall on the same day.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Luckily, she doesn't know that our viewing platforms are... multi.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Otto: I'll have you know I'm also a hair donor. Salma Hayek wore me to the Oscars.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [on Maggie] Let her slice off the tip of your ear and she'll go right to sleep. Carl: No. Homer: That's not a choice you get to make.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Ohh, I always thought tarred and feathered was just a figure of speech. Good luck patching pot holes and stuffing pillows now!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I pick up books like you pick up beers! Homer: Then you have a serious reading problem.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Sorry, Dad. I was afraid of the dragon wouldn't cough the moon back up. Grampa: You idgit! Dragon always coughs the moon back up.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: It's time to start your annual mad dash around town to get her a present that's not completely insulting.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: [holding a ciggarette] You sell ciggaretes to kids.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Every vandalism spree needs an obnoxious laugher.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: For once, the Indian has been outsourced.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Apu: Convenience forever, freshness never!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Finally, a supermarket with a clear premise - island something. Bart: It's like going to Hawaii without all the murderous locals.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Attention, lovers of free office supplies - come and steal things you can easily afford!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [on the uralarm] Now that's what I call looking out for a number one.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Lighten up, Marge. I take you to the Disneyland of me and you just want to go to the lost and found.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dream Apu: Homer, you do not yet understand the meaning of karma. Homer: But isn't karma just an expression of the dhrama? Dream Apu: That is beside the point, okay?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Millhouse: My heart makes up for my shortcomings, like Rudy! Robot: Rudy was only put in at the end of a meaningless game. We will notify you if this game comes meaningless.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What happened to you guys? You used to be cool. Robot: We are the same temperature we have always been.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm all alone, and when there's some problem due to a human error, guess who's to blame?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Barney: If we've learned anything from The Full Monty, it's that, in a tough economy, ugly people strip for money.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jimbo: If I wrote down everything you told me to write down, I'd have no time for punching. Dolph: Whoa, you should write that down, man.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: This is the stupidest fight ever! Homer: We've had stupider!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Now to save on calories, I won't eat the paper in the fortune cookie.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Now I'm going to visit the only court I can never be in contempt to of - food court.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Choke on my numb blue hands.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: But where does the ship stop again? Homer: I don't know. A lot of barefoot kids kicking soccer balls, shell necklaces, they really hit the poverty nicely.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa (as she's being welcomed into the Kid Zone Elite): It's so diverse. I've died and gone to a PBS kids' show.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer (after finding Bart's room empty): Bart's been Raptured and his crap's been craptured.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Cleatus the football robot, you're my only hope
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: And now because it's after noon, I can go to Moe's without having a "drinking problem." Moe: Hey, Homer. I could hear your pathetic rationalizing through the door.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: This date night was even worse than the date night we saw Date Night.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homer, I'm a single mother, trying to raise a family here. Homer: But you're not- Marge: Just zip it.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: Trouble in paradise? Homer: No, my marriage.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Now that's what I call a snappy retort. Marge: Stop saying what you call things! I'm trying to watch the movie.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: Well, sir. Now we'll have an opening marriage. Edna: Um, you do know what that means? Ned: No, but I'm sure Newt Gingrich wouldn't steer us wrong.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Mmmm...historically inaccurate.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: People here do not respect boundaries. Ned: Homer, did you just buckle your belt through my loop?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sea Captain: I'm married to the sea, and I'm seeing two of the great lakes on the side. I won't say which ones but it's ERIE how SUPERIOR they are.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gaga dancers: [chanting] There is no over the top, there is no over the top.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gaga: Never forget, you're all my little monsters. Moe: Actually, I'm half monster, half Armenian. Pick your poison.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: Lisa, what you did is like my mother sticking ten bucks in her own g-string.
tv-simpsons	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I cheat on my diet, but nobody knows cause the damage is on the inside and the first warning sign is sudden death.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Without awards show, how would I know what movie has the best beheading or that Glee is a comedy?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Wiggum: [on Ralph] Ah, he's a dumb kid, but he's an above average dog. Roll over, son!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Just once I'd like your father to be on a Jumbotron for something good.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You've learned a very valuable life lesson, boy. Which is that love doesn't exist except briefly between a man and a woman before marriage. After that, it's just hanging out with someone who kinda hates you, but you can't get it to leave.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Come on, Dad. You love New York, now that your two least favorite buildings have been obliterated: Old Penn Station and Shea stadium.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: If the late great Nora Ephron taught us anything, it's that - oh, what's my other inflatable doll doing here?!?
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Now to get my comic book and explore a world where no one's mad at George Lucas.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Awww, sweetie, sometimes a mysterious invisible being from hell waits for a family to go to sleep then kills them. Now, go to bed.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: A black hole...(whispering) I'm sorry, can we call it that?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Come on, you can't look at that infinitely dense little guy and not want to feed it something.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frink: Oh my God, Particle!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Man, soccer's even boring for the ball.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	The Rich Texan: Stopping all Americans from voting is for the protection of all Americans.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, I was just being a good husband by pretending to agree with you while secretly undermining your agenda.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Oh no, Lisa's face! It's the same.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I hope you're happy. You all just wasted your time working your way into an after school class. Bart, Milhouse, Nelson, and Ralph: Aahhh!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Geez. I mean I'm no Luis Guzmán, but I'm alright.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait, the frog in the trench coat is Kermit too. Lenny: All the frogs in that show are Kermit. Keeps all the other frog actors out of work.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Hey, don't you badmouth this country. Compared to the rest of the third-world, we're doing great.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: That's one way to avoid drunk driving. Marge: Another way is don't drink. Homer: I'm not Superman.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: And I don't think you're boring. It's just that in today's multi-channel invironment you have too many choices. Look at Sunday night! There's like eight amazing shows, none of them on Fox.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Happy Anni...birth...tine's...shark week?
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: But I promised Paul McCartney I wouldn't eat meat. Lunchlady Doris: And I promised Paul McCartney I wouldn't sleep with John.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dan: Fat Tony, a word? Fat Tony: How about meringue? Dan: That's a great word.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Fat Tony: We are bleeding red ink, which is the only thing we should not be bleeding.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dan: How do you keep finding me? Homer: You really should tweet less. Dan: But everyone deserves to know what I'm thinking all the time.
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: A paper-based read-a-ma-jig? What are we, cavemen?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Willie, I love your chaps. Willie: Me pants are ripped out!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I don't care for silent auctions. It just encourages hovering.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Free Tibet! You heard me, free him now!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: "Hope"? Is this one of those coincidences, like Jesus on a tortilla or George Washington on a dollar bill?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	T-Rex: T.V.? We don't own a T.V. Lisa: I didn't know that was an option.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: No one judges my wife's thunder bags.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wearing scarves in non-scarf weather is the essence of cool.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: The kids are a mess. You brought them home exhausted and pretentious.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You're all bald. Homer: No, I'm young person cool-bald. Not old person sad-bald.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Terrence: You know there are now restaurants there with two locations. Not near my kids.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Beat it, ducks! I'm not old enough to have food for you. I'm sexy. Young and sexy!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: I insist you never wear shoes or a proper necktie again. Just house slippers and the most humiliating tie there is - bolo.
tv-simpsons	faith	quip	general	0	Herman: God closes a door, he opens a gunshot.
tv-simpsons	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Well, that's just how dogs are. The most disloyal, unfaithful creatures god ever made.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: Unfortunately, like all true stories, this one has a crappy ending. Bart: You have a story with an ending.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: He's alive! Marge: And he didn't pee on the floor. Grampa: For me, that's a perfect day.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I love that dog...but that is one long, stupid name.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: That's right, your lord sticks his hand in his pants. And yes, it is the same hand I tapped you with.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Listen, I gotta know. You're not just being nice to me because, in a pinch, you could make candles from my fat. Lloyd: Well, that is a big part of it. Homer: It's okay. I know what I am.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Do not question the wisdom of Tom Skerritt.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Well, Homer's gone. Let's all go into our suspended state 'til he gets back.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If Jesus had a gun, he'd be alive today.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, this is it. TEOTWAWKI. Marge: The end of the world as we know it?!?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I guess despite all our so-called civilization, anarchy lurks around every corner like a racially diverse street gang on a network cop show.
tv-simpsons	arts	quip	general	0	Bart: Dad, what would you do if you got my ear in the mail? Homer: I don't know; feed it to the dog. Bart: You'd have to wrap cheese around it. Homer: Don't you tell me how to feed you to the dog!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Fun Center Supervisor (on her cell phone): I hate working here. At least at Krusty Burger, you can burn yourself and go home.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Looks like Mr. Vanilla just grew some chocolate chips. Seymour: Save your analogies for the analogy portion of the exam.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Well, Bart. I hope you're happy. All my extra credits are like frequent flyer miles on a bankrupt airline.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Chalmers: I hate waiting. That's why I hate risotto. Skinner: Even mushroom risotto? Chalmers: What do you think?!?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Krabappel-Flanders: We got hired at this school to escape accountability. Who's gonna hire a hire a lunchlady who's been accused of murdering her husband? Lunchlady Doris: Never convicted. They couldn't find the body. Anyone care for some chicken Pete pie?
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: When I found out shrimp cocktails had no alcohol, I really lost interest.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Like all childless couples, they troll the beaches waiting for the egg-layers to wander off from their young.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Worry-wart Marge. You don't look a Trojan horse in the mouth.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: All you need to know is that I'm a politeness monster who eats "pleases" and farts "thank yous", ma'am. Lisa: I'm exactly the kind of kid he's pretending to be.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I think I hear a slight accent. Woman: Mid-Atlantic. Marge: *gasp* That's where they filmed The Wire! Step on it!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: What women really want is a guy who's confident enough to go completely downhill after marriage and know she'll still love him.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus: Anything new that wanders into this house ends up in the stew pot.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	GPS: Switching to male voice, so you will obey. Homer: Finally, a supervisor!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mary: [singing] There ain't not never no place none better than home. Count the negatives, it all works out.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: You got star quality, like the Hulk in movies other than The Hulk.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: I can't wait to use your moves on Lisa. Lisa: Eww. On every level, eww.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I'll be more attentive to your needs on the seesaw. I'll stay down there as long as you want.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: "Spot the hidden objects." Boy, you're pretty pushy for a book I just met.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(after Marge tells them that she's banning TV from the house) Homer: Honey, this sounds like a noble experiment, but like Prohibition, it will end in a hail of bullets.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: That's the way people talk about Ralph. Ralph, who's favorite color is peanut butter.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	(Homer is watching Maggie's Baby Poindexter DVDs) Bart: Dad, what are you watching? Homer: I think it's a Terrence Malick movie.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: We're taking Maggie to the bookstore, so she can learn the way kids did from 1910 to 2002.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grampa: I don't ride side-saddle. I'm as straight as a submarine.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: Hello, Smithers. Fancy seeing you in casual encounter park.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, my gay dad is gay for gays.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Writing is for bathroom walls and acting is for getting out of DUIs.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Hibbert: You may never see a film in 3D again. (chuckles) Homer: But the storytelling is finally catching up to the technology.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Why does someone become a bully? Jimbo: Neglect. Dolph: Abuse. Kearney: I'm a Cubs fan.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Edna: I know you feel guilty about about cold-cocking Homer. Ned: Please don't use that word in bed.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: I want you to punch me in the eye. If you do, then we're even according to Exodus, Leviticus, and Matthew. Homer: You went and hired a law firm, eh. That's pretty aggressive.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Ned comes home and finds his parents and Homer smoking marijuana and watching TV) Ned: Homer, I can't believe you're partaking with my parents. Homer: Yeah, it's medicinal; we had a pain in our neck!
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: How much for your entire collection? Comic Book Guy: Um, the speed of light expressed in dollars. Burns: [to Smithers] Just give him Faraday's constant.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Martin: Who could have shoved eggs up our brass?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cletus: Egg don't belong in a chicken's eye. It belongs in her pee-poo-birth-hole.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart must not be judged by these kids. But by a jury...of kids, mostly these kids...there's only so many kids.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Pass the gravy, Gloria All-Wrong.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Listen, we swore we'd never go to sleep angry at each other. Marge: I'm not going to sleep. Homer: Well, you didn't have two beers with your lunch.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, I thought this was an innocuous lunch, but it's become terribly ocuous.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: The most romantic part of this was the hold music when I made the reservation.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Waiter: I hope you are enjoying your sushi. Marge: It's as yummy as your poorly produced local commercial says.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Well, I'm not one for taking new jobs on a whim. But as we say in the snow plow business, I'm your astronaut.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Helen: Why won't someone blame the children?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Bring out your beds. Bring out your beds.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Boy, why are your friends so dirty? Bart: Dunno. Why are your friends such drunks? Homer: Touche.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hehehe, the brain is so stupid.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Did you ever wonder if hippopotamuses think that rhinos are unicorns?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: My head hairs! I'm bald!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: There's sexy bald like...uh...Babar, king of the elephants. I read his books as a kid. He married his cousin Celeste. That was my takeaway.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Martin: Let me go. I have a swim lesson with a gorgeous lifeguard. Dolph: What gender? Martin: You're not allowed to ask.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carl: Why don't we talk about it over at Moe's? Homer: It's not even noon. Carl: Yeah, I got a watch, egghead.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: And I'm 69 because people always laugh when you say "69." Hehe, no one knows why.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Yeah, I always go with three, the number of brothers and sisters I, uh, Hunger Gamed in the womb.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patty: So, now you're going to get hit on by ever loser in town. Selma: And this town has losers like Mexico has headless corpses.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Hey, those Yelp reviews don't write themselves. Did you know a well-placed one-star could destroy a "Mom and Pop" hardware in nothing flat?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Just call me Borders Books 'cause I'll always be here.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Accidental motherhood is the best thing that can happen to a woman.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: Whoa!, A is for apple, right?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wiggum: When I look at people, I don't see colors; I just see crackpot religions.
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: He's like a husband in a widow's memory, perfect.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Bart, why is the dad I've always wished for creeping me out? Bart: I don't know, 'cause you're incapable of experiencing joy? Lisa: Point taken.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: You have some big underpants to fill. I didn't know they made underoos in size 52. Homer: They're called superoos, son, with pictures of the cast of The Expendables. Bart: More like The Expandables.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm not sure man who eats right and doesn't drink can be good in bed.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, I've been listening to this son for three days and it's only the end of the first verse and was turned vegetarian.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, they knew what they were getting into when their parents sold them to the circus.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: I don't hand out candy, you son of a Grinch.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer/The Fat In The Hat: Now hop on my cycle, there's nothing to fear. And we shall have candy...and maybe some beer.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer/The Fat In The Hat (his dying words after Maggie stabs him): I'm frightened of nothing/Not even hellfire/Just don't ever let me be played by Mike Myers.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Lovejoy: So, is there truly anyone among us without regrets? Agnes: I have no regrets. Seymour: Really, Mother? Agnes: Oh, I didn't see you there. Mr. Burn: Speaking of return on investments, my Apple stock is up 3,500%. Homer: Aw, you misheard that on purpose!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: Why are you doing this, Bart? Bart: 50% attention-seeking, 50% to drop things on people. Ralph: He's gonna visit my sky granny.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eduardo: Did you hair burn off in a fire that trapped you in a candy factory? Homer: I wish.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I feel kind of melancholy. Homer: Hmm...melon-collie.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: That sounds salty, but you seem sweet. I'm going to call you kettle corn.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: You want me to carve it into a thank-o-lantern? Lisa: No, this is good. Willie: Well, this knave's got to carve something.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: Read 'em and weep. The novels of Charlotte Brontë. Carl: I thought we were playing cards.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You like lies? Here's a few: College is expensive, but it's worth it.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I'm sorry, Homer, Jr. You'll occupy an idealized place in my heart that no one can ever quite fill. Bart: Therapy, please. Lisa: Me too.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I'm a Schwarzenegger wife! Homer: But you're also the housekeeper. So it's all good.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Alright, '80s party! Where's the beef? Tear down that wall because I think the beef is behind that wall.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: I must say, Lisa, it was amusing to see you thoroughly de-high-horsed. Lisa: That isn't a word. Principal Skinner: Oooh, back on the saddle she climbs.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Skinner: It's called precipitation because it never fails to precipitate bad behavior.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Excellent! [tents fingers] What am I doing? Untent! Untent!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: You're like egg salad at a picnic, Simpson. Even when you look good, we know you're going bad.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: You could do what Everybody Loves Raymond did. Krusty: Go off the air while I'm still good? That horse has left the stable, gone to the glue factory and has been used to make art projects.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	[after Bart complains to Marge because the family does not believe in him] Marge: Bart, sweetie. This is an opportunity for you to turn things around... yet again. And I believe in you... yet again.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after Homer arrives at the pier] Bart: [sobs] Skinner didn't let me go. [sobs] Homer: Really? Oh. I bet that submarine isn't so fun anyway. Bart: [sniffs] You think so?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[in the submarine] Navy captain: Fire that torpedo, Milhouse! Milhouse: Aye-aye! [presses a button] Where did it go? Navy captain: It was just imaginary. [outside the submarine, the Springfield lighthouse blows up]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Well, there's a rec room off the kitchen. But sometimes it's there and sometimes it isn't. Our house is very odd that way.
tv-simpsons	society	tv-quote	general	0	Quimby: Don't you idiots see what this means? Lenny: Idiots? Why do we re-elect this guy? Carl: Because his opponent has a long Slavic name.
tv-simpsons	science	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Global warming. Huh, by pure coincidence every scientist was right.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	FBI Agent: I'm here to arrest and hopefully stage the prison suicide of the mastermind of this operation
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: [on piracy] That was so much better than the cinema. It mixes the wonder of movie-going with the rush of stealing. Carl: All we want is brand new, big-budget entertainment in our homes for nothing. Why doesn't Hollywood get that?
tv-simpsons	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: That was the greatest thing I've seen on a computer that I could talk about with you in the room.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If I wanted to pay for commercials I can't skip, I'd sign up for Hulu Plus.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Wait, you guys saw the new Radioactive man sequel? Carl: Uh, it's not a sequel, it's a reboot. Lenny: Actually, this one undoes the stuff from the last one, so it's a reboot.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Homer, will you take me to buy a comic book Tuesday at midnight? Homer: And miss the back half of Jimmy Kimmel? That's when he experiments, boy.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: I cannot hide the snide inside!
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: The closest thing I have to a father is the Obi-Wan doll in my store, and he comes from a race of celibate knights so...
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Comic Book Guy: Nerds don't get girls!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burns: Beware, rabbits. I spy with my transplanted eyes.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: How does this mean anything when everyone's forced to do it? Marge: What did I say about pointing out the meaninglessness of things? Lisa: Not to.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: Simpson, there's going to be a heart in my hand, either paper or yours.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: I'm afraid wives don't make passes at husbands who wear those glasses.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Bart's usually first in line for taco night, but now he's muy tarde. Is it alright to say tarde?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Pressure is how you make your beloved diamonds, Marge. Marge: I don't have any diamonds. Homer: Quit pressuring me!
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: If God needs money, why doesn't he just write another Bible. The first one sold pretty well.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Nobody form any opinions while I'm gone. Chief Wiggum: Well, hurry! We have no minds of our own.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Don't you think the parts that aren't evil, are a little...pretentious. Bart: Absolutely...we're talking about Lisa, right?
tv-simpsons	love	tv-quote	general	0	Todd: We took the pledge. Rod: We won't have sex until we're married. Todd: To each other.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: Just tell them that God wants them to ignore everything in their bodies that God is making happen.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nelson: Simpson, I won't forget this. From now on, you and I are as tight as whiteys.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dolph: I'm going to kiss the ground. Kearney: Loser, you're gay for the ground. Dolph: Well, you're gay for homophobia. Kearney: Wow, you just made me gay for tolerance.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Honey, Grandpa is the closet thing I have to a father and I love him, but three octogenocerauses?!?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: My lifestyle is my retirement plan.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Emojis! Now she's gone to far.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Kettle-corn, the heroin of the farmer's market.
tv-simpsons	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: That's the great thing about art, everyone can have their opinion about why it sucks.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: So from now on, our cafeteria will only serve delicious Stuffwich's heroes, hoagies, and torpedoes. Nelson: What about po' boys? Skinner: Sorry, Nelson. Poor boys, such as yourself, will go hungry.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The only thing that keeps me from living here is that fish that swims up your pee stream. That is a deal breaker.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Superintendent: Skinner! I have seven other principals, and I've never yelled their names. Not even once.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dolph: Why are you concussing yourself? Why are you concussing yourself?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: A fat kid with a dream. I can't compete with that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: He's just Ralph with a dream, the dream of not ralphing.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Whoo hoo! I've got a date with my daughter! Cletus: Yeah, we've all been there. No need to act like you just invented air conditioning.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Milhouse: I never would have suspected the one criminal in town.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patty: Justin Blobber over there doesn't remind you of anyone?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Don't want to be seen with you when you're hitting bottom. Lisa: At least we hope it's bottom.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: Wow, now I see why they call you Miss Hoover. You must have been vacuuming for an hour.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frink: You used up all your clones you fat, fat, fat reckless, fat pig.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: You can live with your no good son. Bart: Hey, what did I do? Marge: Nothing for 30 years. You're perfect for each other.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: I am as healthy as a horse. Marge: Horses only live 30 years.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Oh, why are you doing this to me, booze? I drank every kind of you.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lenny: Why do they call this a yard of ale? Carl: Easy, after you drink it, you're passed out in a yard.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Do you know how embarrassed I was to get a call at my arraignment for my behavior during the pub crawl because of a voodoo curse my son placed on his art teacher?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: A minute of fun a lifetime of work. I've never heard of a pregnancy like this.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: Come back, I'm a clown. I can't afford to look ridiculous.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, did you replace our regular mirror with a magical mirror from a mystical salesman at a weird store that if we went back to find it, it wouldn't be there anymore? Marge: No. Homer: AAAAHHH!!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Marge, would you give up eating steak in the matrix to go slurp goo in Zion? Marge: We don't have that movie here.
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: [on Maggie] Oh, they're so cute when they're Duplo.
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: It's not selling out. It's co-branding. Co-branding!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: I want you to binge watch all the shows you've ever done. Krusty: I've never said no to a binge.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Rabbi Krustofski: What did the burning bush say? Krusty: It said ow! Put me out! How many talking bushes do you think there are?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: No one told me this roast would treat me the same way as every roast I've ever seen and laughed at.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: [narrating] Bart won a blue ribbon, but was it worth it? Marge: Lisa! Bath time! Lisa: Mom! I'm narrating! Marge: The water's going to get cold! Lisa: Fine!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krusty: How can they say I'm past my prime? Me, the voice of Ovaltine.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: [to Lisa] The doctor gave us this machine to help him breathe in his sleep, go to bed, I'll take care of him. [Lisa goes back to her bedroom]
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Homer wheezes in his sleep] Marge: Oh no, oh my god, oh, holy moly, it's not wor-no good, no good, oh, aah, what'll I do?!? Oh, breathe, Homie, breathe.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Mom, it's trash talk. You know how guys say mean things to their friends the way women say nice things to their enemies?
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: She's under a lot of stress, her husband's at sea.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: Homie, the fantasy draft just ended. I got you five kickers. It is called football, right?
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Marge: It's like they don't care if you make money, as long as they make money. What kind of corporation does that?
tv-simpsons	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grandpa: Homer, if I ever seem that senile, get a gun and...what are you doing with that gun?!
tv-simpsons	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: Well, family, we should be proud. We took on corporate America and broke even.
tv-simpsons	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bart: What's your soda refill policy? Marge: All you can drink, if you buy a jumbo cup. Homer: Careful, Marge, that's how I bankrupted a Pizza Hut.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: It's true, it would be a cold day in Hell when I was popular.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The power of Chrysler compels you!
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: The bed is lifting me, the elevator at work can't even do that.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grandpa: I was sleeping in the dryer and got caught in your sheets.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moe: These eye clamps are the only way I can tolerate today's TV.
tv-simpsons	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: You went to Hell and came back a winner like Jesus.
tv-simpsons	life	tv-quote	general	0	Homer: It's in Hell, the Inferno, Perdition, Arizona without the golf.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man: That's an asteroid! Joel: That's no asteroid... that's a battle station!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: Hey, Crow. Crow: Yes, Joel Hodgson? Joel: I found the secret of life the other day... but it kinda bummed me out. Crow: You found the secret of life? Why should it bum you out? Joel: It was on 8-track. [Gypsy and Crow laugh.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Troy Tempest pilots the Stingray into a crater in the inkiest depths of the ocean bottom.] Crow: That's very well lit for the bottom of a crater of an abandoned volcano at the bottom of the sea.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[During an effects sequence.] Servo: They must've spent tens of dollars on this.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Japanese General: Operation Rear View Mirror has failed. Servo: Now do Operation Fuzzy Dice.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Hey Joel, uh... I looked up 'suspended animation' in the dictionary and I don't think that this is going to be any good at (a spray turns Crow frozen mid-sentence) AAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL! Joel: See, I told you guys it would work.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Hidaka and his Eskimo hosts observe fighter jets pursuing another jet.] Dr. Hidaka: The war even comes to this Eskimo village. Soon there won't be any peace anywhere. [Cut to a ship cutting through the ice.] Joel: There's nothing more tragic than a war in an Eskimo village.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kenny searches for his turtle Tibby among the shore rocks.] Kenny: Tibby? Tibby? Tibby? Joel: Like the turtle's gonna call out if he hears him.
tv-mst3k	family	tv-quote	general	0	[At night, Kenny mopes about his lost stones that he was collecting for "Gamera's new house".] Joel [as Catherine]: When you get up in the morning, Kenny, we'll get you a whole box of gravel.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While playing back phone messages left by viewers.] Joel: All you scary guys with the low I.Q.s, don't call any more because you're scaring Gypsy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A supertanker has just exploded in flames.] Servo: Oh my God, it's Gordon Lightfoot!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Helen: I think he's so wonderful, I love Gamera! Joel: Keep your shirt on, honey.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Six-year-olds and nuclear weapons: a combination that just can't be beat.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Looks kinda skinny. Must be a Carpenter ant. [chuckling] Carpenter... get it? Carpenter ant. See 'cause - Joel: [horrified] Oh no... Crow: Never mind. Joel: You don't mean that... Servo: Ant-orexic. Crow: [laughs] See? Servo got it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: You know, ants can carry entire watermelons. And big chicken legs. Happened in The Flintstones. Crow: I had a chicken leg once. I had to wear corrective shoes.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[During an unpleasant closeup of the queen ant laying eggs.] Crow: Hope no one's eating rice at this point.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: So Crow, if we ever get off this ship, what's the first thing you're going to do when we get to Earth? Crow: Uh well the first thing I'm gonna do is kill Sandy Frank! Servo: Oh, that's just a given!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[While the end credits roll.] Crow: I thought it was deep... Joel: What did you think, Servo? Servo: I thought it was pathetic. Crow: So deep, we should've been wearing boots. Servo: This made flying turtles look good.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tony and Koenig watch a video of an "alien" - a man whose face shows through his pumpkin-shaped and -colored rubber mask.] Joel: Kind of a jack-o'-lantern monster. Servo: [deadpan] Ooh, very scary. I'm trembling. Crow: I think the prop department juuuust ran out of money.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the credits.] Crow: Nick Brimble! I had a knick on my Brimble once.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: The plot thickens. Servo: Like rancid pea soup.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: Just because you lost your hair, doesn't mean you have to take it out on the planet.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Blonde bimbo Angela Garland boards the plane, still wearing her "Miss SST" outfit and sash.] Angela: [vapidly] Hello! [The flight attendants watch her sashay to her seat.] Crow [as Attendant]: Please put your brain under the seat in front of you.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Passengers are boarding.] Crow [as Attendant]: Hi, you're in the part of the plane that falls off.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The villain has shot himself, but his pet cat is still alive.] Joel: So that cat is going to have to take the rap for this whole thing?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Star quarterback Tom Selleck narrowly escapes death in a sabotaged hot tub.] Crow: Magnum, deep fried.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: I bet this was made in Canada. Servo: Oui.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Doctor Whitman is evacuating the children's ward.] Dr. Whitman: You all know "Follow the Leader"? Crow: This is called "Follow the Burning Doctor".
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A char-broiled paparazzi photographer is taunting Diana about some incriminating photos that he took of her and the Mayor.] Servo [as Diana]: Doctor, I think we got our blood donor!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A woman is going into labor.] Crow: Get a catcher's mitt! Joel: Boil some water. Crow: Boil some newspapers!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Kinda sorry Shelley bought it. Joel: Yeah... kinda of a shame. Tom: She bought it, but we paid for it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In response to Keiiche Abe's writing credit.] Crow: Someone wants to admit that they wrote this?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Still shot of two gorillas] Crow: Oh look, it's Shelly Winters and Ernest Borgnine.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a credit for the Canadian Film Development Corporation appears] Crow: Oh, Canada, well that- that... that explains why it SUCKED!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: It's Brooke Shields, the Creature from the Blue Lagoon!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reporter: Everyone is asking the same question... Servo: Why am I watching this?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Towards the end of the movie, the titular dinosaurs finally appear and go on a confusing sort-of-a-rampage.] Joel: It made more sense before there were any dinosaurs. I'm starting to miss that part of the movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two mountain climbers have just spied the corpse of another.] Mountaineer: His head! ... It was torn off! Servo: You say that like it's a bad thing.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The train carrying some of the main characters arrives in Trollenberg.] Servo [as Conductor]: Trollenberg, home of the Crawling Eye. All stops lead to a bloody death.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[A woman stares blankly at a mountain as bizarre music plays.] Joel [as mountain]: [deeply] I am Mount Svengali. You will do as I say.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: What's a giant eye going to do, pick you up and wink you to death?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A woman is feeling faint after the giant eyes attacking the observatory have been killed and set ablaze by an air strike.] Man: Let's get you outside and have some fresh air! Servo: I don't think outside is the best place for fresh air right now.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A door opens, revealing Retik, ruler of the moon, and two identically dressed minions.] Crow [as Retik/Larry]: I am Orkon. This is my brother Xenon and my other brother Xenon.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A priest carries the prone Xochi up the aisle to the sacrificial altar.] Joel: Kind of looks like Dirty Dancing, doesn't it? Servo [as Xochi]: [singing to "(I've Had) The Time of My Life"] I've reached the end of my life And I'm waiting for the knife to fall.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The evil Dr. Krupp unveils his creation, a "human robot".] Dr. Krupp: Tonight I'm going to put it to the supreme test! Joel: The Cosmo sex quiz?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the stars a list of names under "With" comes up.] Joel: These are the extras...they'll probably get killed.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Last week's cliffhanger is resolved by Cody simply diving away from a ray blast.] Servo: Oh, if they'd only shown him diving out of the way, I wouldn't have spent the week worrying about him.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Why does he have to kill them to prove his point? Can't he just show them a pie chart or something?
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Blaine: Mingling the blood of man and beast is downright sacrilege! Joel: Tell that to the NFL!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Prof. Blaine is pacing around aimlessly instead of fulfilling his promise to Dr. Cameron that he'd inject Petro with Cameron's werewolf serum.] Servo: Just shoot him! You told him you would. Don't pad your part!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Cameron has successfully turned his gardener into a werewolf and back again.] Servo [as Dr. Cameron]: That felt good... Now I'm going to turn my daughter into a woodchuck.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Fitzgerald: [viewing Cameron's lab] You seem to be excellently equipped. Servo [as Dr. Cameron]: Thank you! I didn't think you could tell through these trousers.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Klutzy Lt. Bradley demonstrates martial arts and winds up somersaulting to the ground.] Lt. Bradley: Hi-keeba!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Running gag: Anytime Lt. Bradley attempts comic relief.] Joel, Servo, and Crow: SHUT UP!!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the prehistoric planet, Dr. Farrell looks into the bubbling pond that swallowed a crewman.] Joel: Is he primordial soup yet?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the end of the movie, as romantic soundtrack music plays, Cmdr. Scott and Lt. Karen Lamont gaze into each other's eyes.] Joel [as Scott]: I know our affair wasn't set up in this film, but... let's be part of the Loose-End Festival anyhow.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After a bride "dies" at the altar, two men carry her out on a stretcher, still in her poofy wedding dress.] Joel: Oh, man, that's so sad - look, they're taking the cake back! [Dr. Lorenz eagerly receives the white bundle in his hearse.] Crow [as Lorenz]: Thank you, I love cake!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the Lorenz house, the doctor quietly re-enters the secret passage in the wardrobe cabinet in Pat's room.] Servo [as Lorenz]: I've got to go back here and talk to the Lion and the Witch.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Lorenz prepares to inject his wife with a hypodermic needle.] Crow [as Dr. Lorenz]: Now you might feel a little sting... [Mrs. Lorenz shrieks loudly.] Crow [as Dr. Lorenz]: OK, a big sting.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: No one could hold a candle to him in this role. Well, maybe they could douse him in something flammable and then hold a candle to him.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In a diner, some kids are dancing around a jukebox. The owner of the diner walks up and turns it off.] Owner: No dancing, not allowed. Joel: This is just like Footloose.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Moments later in the same diner, when Marta is about to say something.] Crow [as Owner]: No acting, not allowed. . . .
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Marta shows her rat in a cage for her science experiment at the diner] Owner: No rats. Joel [as Owner]: Unless they're on the menu.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Paul and Marta are engaged in a passionate embrace on the beach.] Crow: Hey! Is this From Here to Eternity? Servo: No, it just seems like an eternity.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Buxom Marta, changing into her swimsuit behind a rock, loudly converses with Paul on the other side of the rock.] Marta: Paul... what does it mean, I'm "stacked"? And you're "not with it"? Paul: "Stacked"? Crow [as Paul]: "Stacked" means you're really smart.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Police Officer: Did you hear anything... footsteps... a door opening? Crow [as Officer]: The sound of one hand clapping?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[NASA doctor Weitzberg scans Paul, recovering in the hospital, with a geiger counter.] Dr. Weitzberg: Not a trace. Not a solitary trace. Joel: Must be a talent meter.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tom sneezes violently] Joel: Bless you! Crow: Gesundheit. Joel: You're not supposed to do that...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the destruction of the space platform, Ro-Man addresses the human survivors] Ro-Man: And now, of the two billion, there are six. Calculate your chances. Negative, negative, negative. Crow: He's so negative!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ro-Man clumsily struggles with Alice and Roy.] Joel: That, ladies and gentlemen, is the destroyer of the universe. I rest my case.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Johnny: I think you're just a big bully, picking on people smaller than you are! [Short pause.] Ro-Man: Now I will kill you.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joel and the Bots watch exactly the same opening credits they've seen five times before.] Servo: It is sort of hypnotic, isn't it? Crow: Hip? Not. Ick!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Gregory and Cal search for blonde Bonnie Galbraith in the mist-laden field, Gregory bends down to pick up something.] Gregory: Look at this. Blonde hair. Servo: Yeah, you can usually find a blonde hair in a field of wheat. Crow: At night. Joel: In a fog.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[The 1970 Brooklyn Dodgers score a homerun.] Crow: Oh this is the future where they sold the Dodgers back to Brooklyn.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The warrior women have decided to hold a fight to the death] Narrator: A dagger is placed into the ground - Servo: A voice-over is placed into the script.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A severed head rolls past] Servo: Oh, it's a spare! Crow: Gutter head.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Clementine is concerned about her missing brother.] Clementine: He was supposed to meet me at the spaceport. Capt. Kemp: He's probably waiting at Moon City. Clementine: Mmm, that's what the man said. Servo [as Capt. Kemp]: Don't you listen to what the man says.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the moon buggy overheats and explodes, the jazz soundtrack lets out a piercing wail.] Servo: Oh, no - the jazz combo was in there!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joel and the Bots are discussing how games would be altered to suit outer space.] Crow: Kaboom! would become Don't Smoke on the Bridge Because It's an Oxygen-Enriched Atmosphere and You Could Cause an Explosion!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Penny helps a farmhand lift a bale over the top of a fenced enclosure to another farmhand inside.] Crow [as Penny]: Hey, who's the guy in the cage? Servo [as Farmhand]: Well, that's my brother-cousin. He likes sody-pop.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[After a long day slave-laboring in the cotton fields, the peppy teen convicts dance at a sock hop in their quarters.] Joel: That's the problem with today's youth. This is how their image of prison is.
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jane: Penny went up to the boss's house, and she's still there! And it doesn't take an hour and a half to sing a song. Crow: Maybe it's Aida.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob Steele: That's the worst part about it - she... she dies in a strange place without friends or anybody, and nobody even knows her name. Crow: She shoulda died at Cheers - then everyone woulda known her name.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Penny (blonde bombshell Mamie Van Doren) performs a calypso song and dance, backed by male dancers.] Penny: Come on, boys, and carry my bananas! Joel: What in the world does that mean? "Carry my bananas"? Servo: I don't wanna know.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Searching for a path toward the volcano, Hank spies a woman on a bucking horse through his binoculars.] Hank: ... I found something a lot more interesting! Joel: Hey, it's Dale Evans, and I thought she was stuffed! Crow: Only mounted. [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: How do we stand on fuel now? Crow: I'm for it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Martians throw rocks at the astronauts, and the astronauts fire back] Crow: Look, thanks for the rocks, here's some bullets.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Rommel and Rita roll around in some grass while the scene fades using a white-out effect] Joel: This grass... It's... drugged!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Rommel shows J.C. how to sidehack] Crow: It was about that time the Duke boys decided they'd show ol' Boss Hogg just what sidehackin' was all about.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paisley: Why can't I reach you? Crow: There's a ladder in the way.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.C.: [after having killed Rommel's fiancee and beaten Rommel unconscious] I treated you like a brother! Crow: Not a good brother...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Big Jake: He hit Big Jake!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Crow continues his Lugosi monologue about the actors as the credits list the remaining players.] Crow [as Bela Lugosi]: I forget who did what here. I say, "Shoot the picture! Let God sort it out."
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bob and Greta the White Goddess are in a tough spot.] Bob: [sarcastic] White goddess having trouble? Crow: White fascist getting smart?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob Draper: Hi, I'm Bob Draper. School must've assigned you a keeper. Don Pringle: Don Pringle. Crow [as Don]: Heir to the potato chip fortune.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Katrina: His name is Angelo. Servo: He's a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[U.S. spy John Manston debriefs his lovely Soviet contact, Tanya.] Manston: Hard to believe that a group of civilized men could sit around and calmly discuss how to murder five or six million others. Joel [as Manston]: That's why we've got to crush them!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[General Watkins answers his phone.] General: Hello? Joel [as voice on other end]: Hello, are you wearing rubber underwear? General: Yes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [After a car has taken an abnormally long time to park] Nobody will be admitted during the breathtaking car-parking sequence!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tanya meets Manston in some ruins near the Soviet missile base.] Manston: Did Lars give you the TNT? Crow [as Tanya]: He gave me the T and the N, but not the other T. And I had the A.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[New York has just been nuked.] Crow: It turned the Big Apple into apple sauce.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The very first MST3K "stinger"] Blind Guy: Help me.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The scene in the graveyard fades to a close-up of a desk] Crow: I'm a lamp.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Zorka shows the chauffeur the "source of his power," which looks like a patterned cube] Crow [as Bela Lugosi]: It's called a Rubiks Cube. Don't screw it up!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The gang is making their getaway from a bank after robbing it.] Servo [as Banjo]: Not this way, man, my mom will see me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A shot with a cop on a motorcycle in front of the Lt.'s car.] Crow: Hey, look! Erik Estrada!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A quick shot of a rocket on a launch pad.] Crow: Oh, look! A V-2! Tom: Aw, I could've had a V8!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the film's interminable rock-climbing sequence] Crow: Must...try...hard...to...pad...out...the...film!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Biker: [to Ross Hagen] Where ya from? Servo: Sidehackers.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[title card features a large X, with Marks the Spot fading in atop it.] Crow: Marks the Spot? Is that like Mack the Knife? Joel: No, I think it's about a dog that changed its name.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two "scientists" are watching a "menacing" iguana T. rex.] Dr. Bennett: Oh Ralph, what is it?! Crow: [yelling] It's an iguana, now shut up!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Astronaut Brinkman accidentally kicks a rock into a pool of magma, which throws it back. A rockslide showers Brinkman and Sumiko.] Crow [as Brinkman]: Uhh... note to myself: don't throw rocks at magma.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The astronauts run up a ramp to escape an oozing, Blob-like slick chasing them.] Joel: Hey, where's Steve McQueen when you need him?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Prof. Sikarna gives a long boring exposition] Crow: Well, that's very interesting, but does it belong in the script?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel, Crow, & Servo: Rex Dart, Eskimo Spy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Goro, Jinkawa, and Rok-san return to the laboratory.] Jinkawa: [to Goro] Hey, it would be funny if the earthquake destroyed your robot! Joel [as Goro]: Yeah, it would be funny if the earthquake killed your FAMILY!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Scene: an obvious toy helicopter hovers over obvious toy army jeeps.] Joel [as Capt. Willard]: Saigon. I can't believe I'm in a model of Saigon.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Megalon and Jet Jaguar continue fighting] Servo: I know I should be excited and scared and all, but I -- all I can think of is sweaty Japanese guys... . . . Crow: He's got a foreign object! Servo: He is a foreign object!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Godzilla finally makes it to the climactic battle] Crow [as Godzilla/Nada]: I have come here to chew sushi and kick butt. And I'm all out of sushi.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Megalon is taunting Godzilla.] Servo [as Megalon]: Nyah nyah, nyah nyah nyah! Your father was a lizard! Your mother was an A-bomb! ...Your uncle was a robot!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Godzilla slowly lifts Megalon by his tail high into the air.] Servo [as Sportscaster]: Godzilla is either breaking the laws of physics, or he's throwing around an empty rubber suit!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the final battle, Godzilla walks away.] Rok-san: Godzilla! Bye-bye! Servo [as Goro]: Thanks for leveling our country!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Goro attempts to control Jet Jaguar using his control medallion.] Goro: [Into medallion] Jet Jaguar! Let's go home! [Jet Jaguar nods and turns to leave] Crow [as Jet Jaguar]: Yeah, sure, you control me... right... I'll be home crushing your house!
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[Godzilla, slumbering peacefully after a rampage, is attacked by a giant red bird.] Crow [as Godzilla]: Hey! Whadda ya think I am, Tippi Hedren? Get outta here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sea Monster rises from the water as a couple captured natives try to flee, James Bond- like music plays in background.] Tom: James Bond is back as the spy with the biggest crab claw you've ever seen in your life! Double-O crab.[N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The crab monster thing has just skewered two escaping natives] Crow: Kabob and Ka-Steve!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie credits show: Miles O'Keefe] Crow: How much Keefe is in this movie? Servo: Oh, Miles O' Keefe!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Ator: Man's destiny is predetermined. Joel: Oh, he's a Calvinist!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two villains have shot Mila with a bow and arrow. Mila is able to run away, so they follow chase.] Servo [as one of the villains]: You idiot, we don't even have a doe license!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mila has been locked in a cell by Ator as a test of her knowledge.] Joel [as Mila]: Let's see now, there's a superball and half a peanut and a length of kite string and a carpenter's saw. Tom [as Mila]: What would MacGyver do?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The narrator is introducing the characters in the film.] Narrator: After the time of the Great Forming, there was a time when the world was populated by wild, cruel, and ignorant men. Servo: Oh, you mean the '80s.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the flashback, Ator the Invicible fights a giant spider.] Crow: He never killed, uh, that big a puppet before.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ator is attacked by the same primitive-looking cavemen from the first scene in the movie.] Crow: Oh! These must be the "Cave Dwellers"! Servo: Yes ladies and gentlemen, thirty-five minutes into the film and we finally have our first plot point!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Ator and Thong are attacked by invisible enemies.] Joel: I don't believe it - they were too cheap to hire villains in this movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ator is battling a pathetic-looking snake puppet.] Joel: Hey, it's not slimy at all! Servo: That's 'cause it's made out of velour. . . . Servo: Just cut the wires, Ator!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ator glides over the castle walls, dropping hand-made bombs on the guards.] Servo: Message for you, sir! Oh, he also made bombs while he was up there. Joel: Looks like he's gonna carpet-bomb.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Gamera's beady eyes watch Kenny as he flees from the rocky sea cliff.] Crow [as Gamera]: Those kids at school - they tease you, Kenny. Because they['ve] never tasted hell. Today, we turn the tables!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A television newsman is reporting on Gamera-related natural disasters.] Newsman: There's going to be a special conference later this evening at the university, during which Dr. Hidaka will talk to high-ranking officers... Crow [as Newsman]: ... and Kenny...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Murase: Gamera seems able to resist attacks by all offensive weapons known to us. Therefore, I am forced to admit there may be even greater catastrophes ahead. Servo: More Gamera movies?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Scene: the city of Oshima, where people are milling about.] Announcer: The city is off-limits to civilians. Not even the press is allowed to enter the area. Joel [as Announcer]: Kenny, however, is free to move about.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Servo finishes a song about Tibby the turtle] Crow: Do you realize a robot just sang a love song to a turtle?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Forrester: Your movie today is Pod People. It has nothing to do with pods, it has nothing to do with people, it has everything to do with hurting!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film opens with a view through a bedroom window, with a crash of lightning and the sound of thunder.] Crow: It was a dark and stormy night. I'd taken a creative writing class.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[One of the pod people comes upon two hunters in the woods.] Hunter #1: What the hell is that? Hunter #2: I don't know...it looks like a cross between a pig and a bear! Crow: A pear?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a hunter comes upon the pods in a cave, and begins to violently smash them with a large stick] Crow: Oh, what is he, an L.A. Cop?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The band finishes singing. Rick smiles and gives the "okay" sign, but then quickly frowns.] Rick: It stinks!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The musicians park their camper by a river. The forest sounds include synthesized musical chirps.] Servo: Syntho-birds. Crow: Hey, it's a Casio forest. Joel: They parked next to a data stream.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tommy carries a carton of milk upstairs for Trumpy.] Joel [as Tommy]: Hey, what gives? I'm on the milk carton!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tommy: You know what "play" means, Trumpy? Crow [as Trumpy]: Yes, it's where I break you in half.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tommy shows Trumpy how to work a jigsaw puzzle.] Tommy: You see? The pieces go together. Joel: Oh, if only this film were so lucky.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The campers walk into the room to find that their friend has died. Molly solemnly leads them back out.] Crow [as Molly]: Well, your breakfast is getting cold, and she's not getting any warmer.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Meanwhile, in another movie? [sighs] Patience, gentle viewer, it'll all make sense soon.... NOT!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tommy's mother: Tommy, can you hear me? Joel [as Tommy's mother]: Can you feel me near you?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Joel has made a skit about the 'Magic' scene, with Servo and Crow suspended on wires, ascending and descending wildly and awkwardly) Joel: I can't bring them down! I don't know how it works! Servo: I'm stuck! I'm stuck! (screams) Joel: Oh, we've got commercial sign!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A scorpion slowly crawls on Kawajiri as he maniacally celebrates the opal's discovery.] Servo: Death, where is thy sting? We're waiting.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the humans climb hand-over-hand under a bridge, Caroline knocks a small chunk of wood into the river.] Crow [as Caroline]: My piece of wood! It died so that we might live.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An Ape military officer gathers the troops.] Crow [as Officer]: About face! Crap in hands! Fling crap!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Caroline: Catherine, I'm scared! Catherine: Don't worry, we're with you. Crow: We're doomed, but with you.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: C'mon! Try and move faster than the plot!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Caroline, Johnny, and Catherine are running and hiding from ape military officers] Catherine: Hurry, this way! Crow: Oh, like you know where you're going!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Trees in the background begin to tremble ominously] Servo: AAAH! The tree's having a seizure!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The letter A (for "Airplane") is represented by a herd of cows boarding an airplane.] Crow: Oh, great. I know I'm going to sit next to one of these people.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The letter D (for "Dancing") is represented as a group of children dancing.] Servo: D is for damned, as in "Village Of". . . . Crow [as dancing boy/Hitler]: You vill dance with me, Eva!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The letter G is represented by giraffes. One of them looks to the camera.] Servo [as giraffe]: I want a Clark bar.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The letter I (for "In") is represented by the White House.] Joel: I is for Ike. He hides inside.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A balloon of a panda bear is shown.] Servo: Ah, and there's Louie Anderson.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: O is for once... Servo: "Once"? O is for "Once"? What, was there a writer's strike? . . . [The clip is a series of animals plowing a field.] Servo: O is for the obscene treatment of animals. . . . Joel: P is for PETA, who's boycotting this. And this. And this.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Q is for the queer, queer pelican / Whose beak can hold more than his belican! Joel [as Narrator]: P is for plagiarism from Ogden Nash! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The letter R (for "Ribbon") is represented by children dancing around the maypole.] Crow: Hey, these are all boys! . . . Joel: Hey, there's Jack Klugman and Tony Randall!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: U is for upchuck that comes from below. [imiates vomiting]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: X is for Xmas... Servo: X is for existential dilemma.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Yeah, well, Y is for Yanni, as far as I'm concerned.
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	[During Y (for "Young"), a clip of children fishing is seen.] Joel: Y is the chemical symbol for heavy metals that the fish is full of!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the film ends] Crow [as Narrator]: I hope we've touched you with a little bit of our evilness.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Upon seeing title of movie] Crow: Daddy-O! Servo: Must be Harry O's father. Or Wendy O.'s dad.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During an establishing shot of a farm, a cow moos.] Crow: Oh, bless you. [Cuts to Grandpa Kanamura.] Crow: [startled] Was he mooing?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Photographer: [trying to get Eiichi's attention] Hey, Boy! Boy! Joel: Crazy Boy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Gaos chows down on a hapless reporter.] Crow: Welcome to this week's edition of Eat the Press.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glenn: All I know is I just don't want to grow anymore. Joel [as Glenn]: I'm a Toys 'R Us kid. Glenn: I don't want to grow anymore! Joel [as Glenn]: I'm a Toys 'R Us kid!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sixty-foot-tall Glenn heads for Boulder Dam.] Servo: Hey, look! He'll be the biggest guy by a dam site!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Suzie thinks she doesn't need a seatbelt. Let's watch Suzie go ballistic, through the windshield.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel, Crow, Servo: [singing] This is the song written for the train chase. This is the chase, Rocky and Ken! He tried to kill me with a forklift... Olé!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: There's the ship... but how do I get aboard? Servo: Go to the lumber yard! That's how you get a board!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bobsledding wipeouts are shown in the cavalcade of snow sports.] Tom: Boy, all this just to talk to Jim McKay.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie credits show: © MCMLXIX DAIEI CO. LTD.] Servo: [singing to the Nestlé's jingle] M-C-M-L-X-I-X / Daiei makes the very best Joel: [singing] Movies - NOT!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[From the SOL version of "The Gamera Song"...] Joel, Crow, Servo: Gamera! / Gamera! / Gamera is really neat! / Gamera is filled with meat! / We've been eating Gamera!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An establishing shot of Gaos] Joel: Here comes old flattop... Servo: [whispering] Don't! George Harrison will sue you! Joel: Oops, sorry!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The brain-eating space girls return after the boys fall unconscious from eating drugged donuts.] Joel [as Space Girl]: Kids' brains always taste better when they've been thinking about donuts.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Akio reaches up and finds his head has been shaved] Akio: Hey, what happened to my hair? Tom: The space aliens did it, they're cannibals! Joel: They ate my hair? [this particular joke was improvised by Josh's Servo in the original KTMA episode]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The crestfallen Tomoko has been reprimanded by her mother] Crow [as Tomoko]: I'll show her! I'm gonna grow up to break up The Beatles!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the spaceship landing site, reporters laugh at little sister Tomoko. She walks away, crestfallen.] Joel [as Tomoko]: [in psychotic child voice] When the whip comes down, you will see who rules, you twisted old fruit!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Tom's mother drives away, Tomoko surprises her by hiding in the back seat] Joel [as Tomoko/hijacker]: Shut up and keep driving!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After he stands up for her, Tomoko tugs on Officer Kondo's sleeve.] Tomoko: Kon-chan? Officer Kondo: Heh? What? Joel [as Tomoko]: [whispers] They will all die by Gamera's hand!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Gamera flies toward the crowd with the spaceship in his mouth, Tomoko jumps down into the landing site crater.] Joel [as Tomoko]: I'm first! I wish to be the first to be crushed!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Bueller: Did you know that everyday someone loses a sale... Crow [as Bueller]: ...or an arm...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Bueller: Do you know... Crow [as Bueller]: ...that I have little bunnies painted on my knees? I do.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bueller shows a clip of a man stammering through a speech, showing us what not to do] Man #1: Well, uh, the fact is, we, uh, we spent, er, many nights in the, uh, um, well... Crow [as Man #1]: Uh... er... panties!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Bueller's second monologue about "heard," "understood" and "pleasing"] Bueller: Now, let's look at another typical example. [Cut to a young woman giving a speech.] Crow [as Bueller]: This man is wearing a push-up bra. Now he is pleasing.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Bueller: Many of his listeners won't be able to understand him, and those that do... Joel [as Bueller]: ...will wish he were dead.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Trapped in the giant "web", a heavyset, dark curly-haired man is attacked by the spider.] Joel: No, Dr. Erhardt, no! So that's what happened to him! Servo: Wow. Crow [as Dr. Erhardt]: Enjoy! [N]
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Joel mentions KISS] Crow: [sighs] Joel, I hate to break it to you: KISS were NEVER cool!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans onto a victim of the spider: a shriveled-up corpse completely drained of blood.] Crow: It's Rose Kennedy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[One of the credits for the cameramen is listed as SFX Camera .] Joel: Sex cameraman? Is this a- Servo: No, no, no- S-F-X, Joel.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: Where's the third fellow? He's chicken - never jumped at all. Crow [as Announcer]: What's this? He's forced his way into the announcer's booth. What's that in his hand? Oh no! Aah! [Joel or Servo makes gunshot noises.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	... Servo: Forget about life-jackets this is The 50's.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ross finally catches and bags the bobcat.] Ted Husing: Well, it's in the bag! And so Ross Allen fills one third of his day's orders. What's next? Joel: Hurting the people you know and love? Crow: Chasing rabbits on a mini-bike until their hearts explode?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted Husing: Now you've got a boatload of live cargo - a wildcat, three six-foot rattlers, and a couple of little teddy bears. It seems to me, I'd call it day, or call a taxi, or... Crow: ...or call PETA!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ross is violently manhandling a bear cub] Joel: What I wouldn't give to see that cub's mom show up right about now, huh, guys?
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[A desolate prehistoric valley is shown.] Crow: How green was my valley? Joel: Not very.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: This script is like a telephone directory! Crow: But not as interesting.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An opening card states "This is an Iowa State College Production."] Joel: Iowa State College: The high school after high school!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [singing]: If I could join the FFA, my life would be complete, I'd till the soil, I'd bale some hay...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kay is discussing college with her family.] Servo: She consulted Robert McNamara. Joel: And Ayn Rand!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kay meets her roommate Jean for the first time.] Crow [as Jean]: [in a Curly Howard voice] Hi! Howya doin'? We're gonna have a great time! We're gonna be pals!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At a costume design class] Crow: Is that a real poncho or a Sears poncho?
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[One of the four young women plays with little kids, in preparation for motherhood] Joel [as little girl]: ...WHAT? We have to be subjugated to men?!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Near the end of the piece, shot of a building named "Home Economics".] Joel [as announcer] Home Economics, starring Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. Voice Over: What is "Home Economics"? Crow: Boy, you'd think they would have told us by now...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the girls, now seniors, walk along.] Joel: Hey, it's Abbey Road. Joel, Crow, Servo [singing]: Here we come, walking down the street...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [singing]: It's a wonderful world when you're married, when you have a family...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends, it's just after the girls graduated.] Narrator: Jean and Louise were leaving for their jobs in the city, so you all drove down to the train station to see them all. Servo: And to re-enact the last scene from Anna Karenina.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In flashbacks to "Fugitive Alien", the scene jumps abruptly from Rita's death to Ken eagerly waving for pickup by the Bacchus 3.] Ken: Hey! Hey! Hey! Joel [as Ken]: Ha ha! My chick's dead! Hey!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Bacchus 3 crew, wearing enemy uniforms, are about to infiltrate a secret-weapon installation.] Rocky: It won't be easy getting into this place. Ken: How will we do it? Rocky: Easy. Servo: Wha - wait a minute.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In a desert, The Bacchus 3 crew walk past foliage that resembles stalks of corn.] Crow [as one of the crew]: Hey, corn...CORN?!?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Confused about a name in the opening credits] Joel: What does "A.S.C." mean? Servo: "A sick cookie". Joel: Oh.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel, Servo, Crow: [singing to the background music in the opening credits] Come on and buy some crap from us You know that you want to And the white race will salute you As you prance and gad about!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A large, bleacher-like musical staff appears, and an unseen female voice speaks.] Mr. B Natural: Boy! Am I glad to see you! Crow: Well, it's not mutual!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. B Natural: Knew your father, I did! Joel: Hey, leave my father out of this! Mr. B Natural: And your grandfather! And don't be too sure I wasn't in the garden with Mr. and Mrs. Adam! Servo: Yeah, you were the snake!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the high school hallway, student Jim shows his new clarinet while Buzz watches.] Joel [as Jim]: Got it from the Franklin Mint!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel [as Buzz]: [in a whiny voice] That hurt. I'm all messed up inside. If only an androgynous man would come and visit me...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Meanwhile, the Midvale police visit his locker. Find out why they call him "Buzz".
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. B Natural: Better wait 'til he calls on me, though... 'til he reaches for the spirit! Servo: Yeah, calls for Satan.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Returning home from school, a dejected Buzz fends off his mother's concern.] Buzz: Nah, I better get upstairs, and... do the reading. Buzz's Mother: All right, dear. Oh, and Buzz...? Crow [as Buzz's Mother]: This time, don't make so much noise when you "read."
tv-mst3k	family	tv-quote	general	0	Joel [as Buzz's Mother]: Why does my kid have to be such a dud? I was popular!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. B Natural: You sing a baby a lullaby, and it coos. Crow [as Jerry Lewis]: The lull-a-baby-bye! Oh... go away!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. B Natural: When you want to show dignity, Buzz, try a French horn! Joel: Uh, Mr. B, what would you know about dignity?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. B dances to some music.] Crow: He's so perky... kill her. Servo: See, Buzz? It's really fun to be psychotic.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. B appears in the music store and begins talking.] Joel [as Buzz]: [in a panicky voice] Mom, Dad, tell me you heard that!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [in a midwestern voice] Oh cripes. Polish, polish, polish. That's what I do all day.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A shot of unpolished trumpets is shown to a background of low music.] Joel: Honey West!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Three trumpet shells are shown, with someone behind them.] Joel: Come on now, watch the red man. Watch for the red man, you're wrong.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An inspector is checking a trumpet.] Servo: Extra value's what you get when you play the coronet. Crow: This trumpet is flatlining!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Ah, but in real life, Johnny is last chair with the preschool band.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: The story you're about to see is true. No names were changed because no one was innocent.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[talking about the posture contest] Narrator: The two boys and the two girls with the best postures will wear these posture crowns. Joel: Yeah, they'll go to Burger King and wear crappy hats.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Teacher Miss Martin demonstates good posture by walking slowly and stately.] Narrator: ...eyes are straight, the abdomen is in, the back is straight. Arms swing easily at the sides. Servo [as Narrator]: Here, she re-enacts her first DUI.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A montage of scenes show the posture-pal kids correcting each other's posture.] Joel: Ah, they're gonna take this for about a half-hour before they end up killing each other.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: At last, the big day has come. The class is taking their second posture test. [A silhouette appears on screen] Crow: Hey, it's Hitchcock! Tom: Yeah, after Slim-Fast! [All sing the Alfred Hitchcock Presents theme]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Miss Martin is counting votes to see who will be the king, queen, prince and princess of posture. Joel: And who will have a Sealy Posturepedic childhood.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera focuses on Dr. Conway (lantern-jawed John Carradine) as he reassures new patient Grace.] Joel: Hey, John - why the long face, pal?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Stress patient Natalie enters Dr. Conway's office for an appointment.] Sharon: Sit down, Natalie, and I'll tell him you're here. [Dr. Gilchrist turns to enter Dr. Conway's inner office.] Crow [as Sharon]: NUTCASE NATALIE'S HERE!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lobo enters the room full of Dr. Conway's guests.] Lobo: Time for go to bed! Joel: Well said.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Danny is telling a long, shaggy-dog story about a giant and Ferdinand the bull to keep Dr. Conway's dim-witted servant Lobo occupied.] Joel: His story has a better plot than this movie...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joel asks the Bots what they want for Christmas.] Crow: I wanna decide who lives and who dies!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film's opening credits display "Martian Furniture by Fritz Hansen".] Crow [as TV Announcer]:For Martian Furniture, Fritz of Mars!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Martian spaceship (a model spewing a flickering flame) flies toward Earth.] Joel [as Announcer]: Cricket lighter away! Cricket lighter. Servo: [in nerdy voice] You know... if they cancel Battlestar Galactica, I'm gonna kill myself.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Santa and the kids are trapped in an airlock, with the door into space about to open.] Crow [as Santa]: [cheerfully] Have you two ever seen a grown man scream? Santa's going to whimper like a whipped pup.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Santa Claus, killed in Vietnam.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A policeman yells from his car window through a bullhorn in a heart-pounding, made-for-television car chase.] Sheriff Kyle: Pull over! This is the sheriff's office! Crow: Office?! That's a car.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Trumball: You got a warrant, sheriff? Servo [as Sheriff Kyle]: Yeah, I got a made-for-tv warrant right here.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: I hear his theme music, he's around here somewhere...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Master ninja McAlister and his evil ninja nemesis Okasa meet face-to-face.] Okasa: The old man hired you? McAlister: I am not for hire. Okasa: We are all for hire. In dark times... McAlister: The dark times have gone. Servo: You guys speaking in haiku all of a sudden??? Whoa!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Later, in Max's van, Carrie drones on and on while Max listens wearily.] Joel: You know you're boring when you're boring a Van Patten.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The astronauts are discussing sleeping to preserve oxygen] Crow: Well I have sleep apnea so I won't need much.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film's title appears on the screen] Joel, Crow & Tom: [singing to tune of Hava Nagila]: Havah la gila, havaaaaah la gila!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While Chase sings, the giant gila monster bursts through the wall.] Joel [as Gila Monster]: And the Lord said, "Die, children, die!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Chase's nitro-laden hot rod careens towards the Gila Monster.] Tom [as Colonel Kurtz]: The horror! The horror! [The hot rod collides with the lizard and explodes.] Crow: Aw, they killed off the only likeable character!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Chase gets two twenty dollar bills as payment.] Chase: Two twenties! Tom: That makes thirty dollars!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Behind a security blockade a line of people are being silently unloaded from a truck and led into a building.] Servo: No acting beyond this point. Not allowed. Crow: The illegal smuggling of mimes. Nobody ever talks about it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A flamboyantly dressed motorcyclist rides in, following a series of fiery explosions.] Servo: Okay, wait, can we all just check our scripts, please? ...oh, I guess it does say that Boy George rides in flinging molotov cocktails.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mick, a rival gang leader, admonishes Woody] Mick: You're nothin'. Joel [as Woody]: Oh yeah? Well you're a... dumb... head. Mick: I mean, back where you came from you may be somethin', but - Crow [as Woody]: Nope. Pretty much squat there, too.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mick: We ain't stupid. Bolo: Nobody's calling anybody stupid, Mick. Crow: Not on screen anyway.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Clippers gang approaches a house, only to have a gunshot hit the ground in front of them] Crow: Oh, Austin City Limits!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Albert (James Earl Jones) is carrying out an aerial attack on the villains' headquarters using explosive-laden R/C model aircraft.] Tom [as Albert]: This is F.U.N.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The mature alien captain emerges from the spaceship.] Crow: Wow, really old teenagers from outer space.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Derek holds his shipmates at gunpoint to prevent the release of the gargon.] Spacecraft Captain: When we return to our planet, the High Court may well sentence you to torture! Joel, Crow, Servo: TORCHAA!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spacecraft Captain: We are the supreme race! We have the supreme weapons! Servo [as Captain]: We have the supreme pizzas!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Derek, armed with a dead cop's gun, looks for Thor along the street.] Joel [as Derek/Freddy]: [singing to "On the Street Where You Live"] I have often walked down the street before, But I've never done it packing heat before...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Derek, driving a car, recalls his captain's earlier contempt for humanity.] Spacecraft Captain: We are the supreme race! We have the supreme weapons! Crow: Ahh, turn Rush Limbaugh off!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Betty: Where are you from Derek? Joel [as Derek]: A place called "Studsville". Population: "Me".
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Watching the title credit] Tom: You know, Being from Another Planet, I didn't have much to do with this.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Establishing shot of hospital] Servo: ...and now, Trapper John, M.D.! Crow: Boy, Tra-Trapper John, M.D. lives right next door to Medical Center! Servo: Yeah!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ray "Crash" Corrigan is given a physical by Naval doctors.] Doctor #1: Fine chap. I wish we had more like him! Crow [as Doctor #2]: Keep your mind on your work, Ron. You're in enough trouble as it is! Doctor #2: He'll make a fine Naval officer. Servo: He'll make several of them!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sultry Liz slips out of her kimono, revealing a black bra and leopard-print panties.] Servo: Oh, Mommy! Joel [as Announcer]: Honey West! Crow: Joel, I thought underwear was supposed to match.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Forrester: Your movie for today's experiment makes even me sick - and I liked Morgan Stewart's Coming Home.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title screen displays "Junior Rodeo Daredevils".] Narrator: Junior Rodeo Daredevils. Joel [as Narrator]: Smothered in gravy - Texas style!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Seems like most everybody in town's turned out for the great day. Joel [as Narrator]: All nine of 'em.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel [as Rodeo Announcer]: And the crowd goes wild! Crow, Servo: [dully] Yay.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After a succesful cattle roping] Narrator: Eight seconds. Joel [as the boy]: Yup, I'm hot. That's me pretty much.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Yes, the Junior Rodeo is here to stay. And nobody's happier about it than Old Timer Billy Slater. Joel: It's sad, really. Servo: [singing to the tune of Home on the Range] ...And the guys are not clowning all dayyyeeeeEEEEE!!!
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[The narrator describes the voracious shrew.] Narrator: He must eat his own body weight every few hours... Servo [as Narrator]: ...plus a delicious shake.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title screen displays "The Killer Shrews".] Crow [as Announcer]: Starring Joan Collins and Jackie Collins!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While on the boat, Captain Sherman spots something through his binoculars.] Sherman: Hey, Rook!, Rook, come here! Crow [as Sherman]: These things make everything look bigger!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Arriving at Dr. Craigis's house, Sherman looks up at the giant antenna on the roof.] Joel [as Sherman]: I've fallen in with a group of ham radio operators!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Rook sees a dark, dog-like killer "shrew" advancing toward him.] Servo: Puppies!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ulysses shoots down a quail.] Joel [as Announcer]: Hardly any animals were hurt in the making of this movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ulysses, wild over Hercules' recovery, chases after scantily clad servant girls.] Crow [as Ulysses]: I'm cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs! Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs! Servo: When Kennedys ruled Greece.
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Our narrator, Police Lt. Chasen, wonders who could possibly believe a dead man could come back to life.] Joel: Only millions of Christians.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lon Chaney, Jr. wanders around a warehouse-like room after being brought back from the dead.] Joel: He's wandered into a Mr. Bulky's. Crow [as Chaney]: Let's see now... licorice whips, jujubes, slowpokes, Lon Chaney Junior Mints...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Having taken several bullets, a bazooka round, and a blast from a flamethrower, Lon Chaney emerges from the sewer much the worse for wear.] Servo: Now I think he's just the incredibly resilient man.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lt. Chasen explains to his new girlfriend, Eva, that he got her fired from her exotic dancer job, right before proposing to her.] Servo: Oh, please. He should quit his job. Strippers make way more money than cops!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Repeated Lines] Dr. Forrester and TV's Frank: DEEEEEEEP HUUUURRRRTING! DEEEEEEEP HUUUURRRRTING!!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Alan Steele, playing as Hercules, rides high in the saddle] Servo [as Hercules]: Yep, That's my cue! Big Alan Steele! Splash me on in the morning, wear the great smell of me all day long!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel [as Soldier/Little Caesar]: Pizza, pizza.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Princess]: Herc, you gonna help us move? Servo [as Hercules]: Even if it costs me my life. Hercules: Now see them both safely back to the city. Servo [as Hercules]: Even if it costs you my life.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Moon Men unleash rock monsters.] Joel: It's the Monsters of Rock Tour!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hercules has just killed one of the rock monsters by throwing it against a wall.] Servo [as a rock monster]: Don't let him get you over his head!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of barren moonscape] Servo: We seem to be in some sort of Limbo zone. Crow: Rush Limbaugh? Joel: No, that would be more like Hell.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Moon Men's rock monsters lumber towards the queen's sister, Billis.] Servo [as a rock monster]: Wanna get stoned? [pretended deep evil maniacal laughter] Crow [as Bob Dylan]: Everybody must get stoned!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Forrester: Well Jimmy Smits, your movie today is roasted fresh from the kitchens of Bert I Gordon. It's a fetid little piece of tripe featuring sword and sorcery, Gary Lockwood and an embarrassed Basil Rathbone.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The knights face an ogre.] Joel: Teddy Ruxpin, no!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[George fights a two-headed dragon.] Joel: Lighten up, they're just puppets! Crow: Hey... Joel: Sorry.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[George taps a fellow knight with his sword.] Crow: I dub you Sir Moron. Come on, dummy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hercules and company ride their horses through a patch of fog] Gypsy: Hey, get this, they're steam cleaning the horses! Joel: [impressed] All right, Gypsy! Good one!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Hercules defeats Proteus, the clouds part, and a heavenly chorus is heard.] Joel, Crow, Servo: [singing] The Simpsons...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Black-caped, solemn nurse Jesse glides through the hospital ward lobby.] Crow: Ah, here comes Nurse-feratu.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[ Dr. Steve Hardy appears on-screen.] Crow: Hey, he was old even then!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A viewscreen on Rocky Jones's ship displays an image of a small, bumpy-looking planet.] Servo: Look! It's the MST3K logo! Joel: [aside] Uh, you're not supposed to know about that... Servo: Oh, uh... [whistles innocently.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: Yeah, it's one of Dr. Doyle's old patients, Mr. Harvey. Servo [as Ken/Elwood Dowd]: Yeah, he's a big rabbit, you see, there...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eddie [singing]: Anything... Joel: ...Is better than this crap!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the SOL bridge, Crow's menacing dark twin "Timmy" mutters something to Crow.] Crow: Ah, Joel... uh, Timmy's worried about Servo. Joel: Oh... why? Crow: Um, well, he says he should cut down on the bacon and lard sandwiches before he dies. Servo: What?! . . .
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel, Servo, Crow (as Atlantean girls): We, the Fire Maidens, couldn't be prouder! If you couldn't hear us, we'll yell a little louder!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Rocky Jones and Winky march in Cleolanta's men at gunpoint to meet with her.] Rocky: [cadence-calling] Hut, 2, 3, 4! Servo [as Rocky]: We are in a crappy film... Joel, Crow [as Men]: We are in a crappy film...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Upon seeing the mispelling in the film's title] Joel: Attack of the the Eye Creatures? What, did Mel Tillis write these titles?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[an Air Force Officer is dismissing a subordinate] Air Force Officer: Now take off! Joel:...to the great White North!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harold's Girlfriend: Ooh, Harold! Servo [as Harold]: Ooh, Maude!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Susan: What if we turned ourselves in to the police? Servo [as Stan]: Then we'd be policemen and could drop the charges!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During one of the many, many scenes where the fearsome Eye Creatures stumbles around.] Crow: [singing] I've got Sammy Davis eyes! [a la Rip Taylor] I've got a million of them! Literally!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While trying to take a picture of a severed Eye Creature arm, the flashbulb causes it to evaporate] Joel: Now why doesn't that work with relatives?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: "No, Johnny," says Mom, "We're going to the art gallery." Servo [as Mom]: And you'll like it! Crow [as Johnny]: No! I don't wanna go!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Johnny can't read the words "Chemical Wonderland". Joel: Oh, we've all been there.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An acrobat bicycles on a tightrope, balancing more acrobats on his balance rod and shoulders.] Joel: Boy, they're sure tough on drunk drivers in Canada.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Johnny watches himself jump in a distorting mirror.] Narrator: Afterwards, Johnny can't stop going up and down. Crow [as Narrator]: The drugs from the Chemical Wonderland start to kick in.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Johnny spots a flying helicopter.] Narrator: "Oh, boy. A heel-a-copter airplane!" Servo: What? Narrator: "Jiminy," thinks Johnny, "if only I could get a ride in one of those." Servo [as Narrator]: Visions of the Mekong Delta flash before Johnny's eyes.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The title screen displays the title backwards...] Crow: Eht Numah Srotacilpud! [...then "duplicates" it normally.] Crow: ...Oh.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gale: So say something! Crow [as Martin]: "Something!" Martin: "Something." Crow: D'oh! ...Got riffback on that one.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Super-spy Martin sees the statuesque Dr. Lin Yung standing in one of a pair of huge birdcage-like duplication cells.] Joel: Ah! It's Malibu Barbie Torture Chambers! Servo: Neat! [Cut to close-up on Dr. Yung.] Crow [as Dr. Yung]: [in "Chinese" accent] Hi. I am new Asian Barbie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Welles (played by Hugh Beaumont) answers his phone.] Welles: Welles here. Crow [as Welles/Ward Cleaver]: The boys did what? They duplicated Lumpy?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Martin's duplicate leaves Welles' office.] Crow [as Welles]: There's somethin' plastic about that guy...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kolos, played by Richard Kiel, "beams down" from his ship with his hands outstretched.] Servo [as Kolos]: I'm huge.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Professor looks up at Kolos as Kolos advances towards him menacingly.] Servo [as the Professor, quickly]: Oh my God, you're huge.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title "Circus on Ice" shows onscreen] Joel: You got your circus on my ice! Crow: Hey, you got your ice on my circus! Servo: Two bad things that go worse together! [Referencing a Reese's Peanut Butter Cups ad campaign.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: [in response to a clown on screen] Woah, seen him in my nightmares...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two pink tutu'd skaters perform a synchronized skating routine to a light, cheery tune.] Servo: [singing] These two girls, they make quite a pair. They both come from your worst night-mare. They will haunt your soul forever, And now, When you see pink, You're gonna think
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	"We're doomed". They are agents of Satan...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: [laughing] Okay, stop it, Tom...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans down from the spotlights to some skating ballerinas.] Narrator: And now, the spotlight falls on a world of delicate loveliness... Crow [as Narrator]: ...and kills them.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The credits mention that the film's music was performed by a group called The Other Three; part of the credit is cut off by the side of the screen.] Joel: [reading] The Other Th?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A scientist is walking up a flight of stairs with music playing.] Servo: Hey, its the musical stairs from the science museum.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Logan just gets through talking on the phone and he looks distraught] Joel [as Dr. Logan]: That's it. I'm dead. I'm a dead man. I'm a dead man walking, and talking and wearing clothes, that's how dead I am. I'm dead.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Close up on a phone when a ringing sound (made by a person offscreen) goes off] Joel: [in disbelief] Unbelieveable... [Tom bursts out into laughter] Dr. Logan: Hello? [A pause] Yes? Crow [as Dr. Logan]: I made that phone noise.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In Chicago's Lower Level, men dress Col. Connors and Dr. Brent in radiation suits.] Crow [as Col. Connors]: [makes a fart noise] What? Oh. Uh... Pull the helmet off! Pull it off me!
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: There is one terrifying word in the world of nuclear physics... Servo: "Oops". Narrator: ..."radiation". Servo: Oh.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joel tries to organize the Bots for a photo.] Joel: We are going to get a nice picture of this family if it kills us.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title screen shows "Here Comes the Circus!" next to a smiling clown's head.] Crow: Heeere comes the Devil! Servo: It's Beezlebub the Clown! Joel: Guys, can we be a little less dark with this short?
tv-mst3k	life	quip	general	0	[In the audience, a white-haired man holds a young boy on his lap.] Servo: It's Thomas Edison, with his electric child!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Watching girls being passed around by men lying down with their feet up] Joel [as John Cameron Swayze]: Ah, they take a licking and keep on kicking! Crow: Women who love too much and the feet that use them. Servo: This one's on the rebound.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Balancing on another person, a man helps a woman to stand on his shoulders.] Crow: The act was outlawed on several continents! Servo [as Narrator]: Yes, it's the man who mistook his wife for a hat! . . . Crow: Flipped her off.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The beautiful bareback riding ballerina, Miss Lucy! Servo: ...could not be with us tonight, so instead we have this act.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Store this image away for a later nightmare.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The old man points out the clown on the trapeze to the boy.] Joel [as Old Man]: I invented that move. Crow [as Kid]: Yeah, right.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of a horse trainer and a horse] Joel [as Narrator]: Hank Kimball's brought in. Crow [as Hank Kimball]: Hey, Mr. Douglas, I see you've got a horse. Well, it's not really a horse, it's more of a...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the "The End" card] Joel: Ah, my favorite part of the circus.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lemminkäinen navigates down a river while paddling atop a log.] Servo [as Lemminkäinen]: [singing with Norwegian accent] If everybody had a spruce tree, across Finlandia... Crow [as Lemminkäinen]: [singing with Norwegian accent] I vish they all could be Norvegian girls...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bowing to the witch's demand, Ilmarinen builds a Sampo by throwing stuff into a magic fire.] Ilmarinen: With this wool, will I clothe you! Servo [as Ilmarinen]: With these teeth, will you bite me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The witch Louhi spreads her arms outward, her cloak fluttering in the wind.] Servo: Ladies and gentlemen, the Swedish Moses of Soul!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Louhi discovers that her Sampo is gone.] Louhi: Where is the many-colored dome of the Sampo? Joel: Uh, ma'am, the dome is an option that you did not order...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The villagers continue to celebrate in front of their cabins.] Joel: What is this, "Stalag 17: The Musical?"
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[The short's title screen appears: "Chevrolet presents: HIRED!"] Crow: Well, that's something you didn't hear much during the Bush administration.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lobo (Tor Johnson) scares away some people during a rainstorm, his mouth agape] Crow: Tor! Close your mouth before you drown!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After being tied up and turned into an "atomic superman", Dr. Vornoff breaks out of the leather straps that bind him to the table.] Crow: Oh no, now he has the strength of twenty heroin addicts!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Vornoff and his octopus monster go up in a nuclear blast. The good guys look on in horror and dismay.] Capt. Robbins: [solemnly] He tampered in God's domain. Crow: Oh great, the nutty birdman from Apartment 4B is gonna give us a religious insight.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joel's Invention Exchange is a machine that merges comic strips.] Joel, Servo, Crow: Ziggy had Garfield neutered?! Now that's funny!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short begins] Crow: Previously on "Hired!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While on a test drive, the film cuts suddenly to show the salesman and customer have switched places.] Joel: Zintar gets the most sales because he's a shapeshifter!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Another clean-cut salesman in a three-piece suit talks to Mr. Warren.] Joel [as Senator McCarthy&#8201;]: Are you now, or have you ever been, a Ford owner?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: So we've gotta be, what, half an hour into this movie by now, right? Joel: No, actually, it's more like a minute. Servo: [stunned] ...No.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A jazz singer is heard over the opening credits.] Servo: I guess they picked up Shirley Bassey hitchhiking.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Where did this place come from? It wasn't here a few minutes ago. Crow: Maybe it's Brigadoon.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: You know, every frame of this movie looks like someone's last known photograph.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Torgo, whose thighs and knees appear to be hugely swollen, shambles unevenly to fetch luggage.] Joel: Ah... that's not how you wear your Depends, Torgo. Crow: Been hitting the Thighmaster, Torgo? . . . Servo: Like having Joe Cocker as your bellhop.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Michael goes outside to find the source of the howls.] Joel [as Michael]: Hey, look - I know you're an evil hellbeast, but could you hold it down?! It's after nine, and we got kids!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Master: Silence! Joel: Is golden! The Master: Silence! Joel: Is golden!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Master stands in Torgo's room as Torgo awakens from sleep and slowly gets up from the bed, which results in about a minute-long period of silence and nothing happening.] Joel: [snapping] DO SOMETHING!!! God!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Ladies and gentlemen! Tonight, at the Copacabana, Jules Bedel proudly presents: Pat Benatar and Tricia Nixon!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As black smoke rises from a pyre, the Master beckons Torgo to rise from the floor.] Servo: [singing to "Smoke on the Water"] Smoke on the weirdo... Crow [as Bela Lugosi]: Come here. Joel: The new Pope has not been chosen.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a driving scene] Joel: Meanwhile, in Toledo... Servo: No, wait. Did this movie just lap itself? . . . Crow: This must be a weekly series.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the end credits roll...] Crow: Crew? They had a crew!? I do not believe they had a crew! Joel: Okay, everybody pick out someone you wanna punch. Servo: Where to start?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: If you'd like to contact Harold P. Warren, look in the Yellow Pages for the Fertilizer Corporation of Texas.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Mads have just had a pizza delivered by Torgo.] Frank: Say, it's been two hours, but this pizza is still warm! [Dr. Forrester and Frank suddenly look at each other in horror, and vomit.] Torgo: They always do that!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nastasia: Do you want survival? Joel [as Sally Struthers]: Sure, we all do!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A group of henchmen run around a corner and immediately get shot to death.] Crow [as henchman]: Whoa! That was dumb, can't believe we did that!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	["Megaweapon" bears down on the hero and his ragtag band.] Joel, Crow, Servo: Megaweapon! Megaweapon! Megaweapon!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The evil Prosser commands brainwashed Nastasia to hold a handgun to her own head.] Crow: She's got a Lady Hemingway! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The end credits roll, ending with the dedication "For John"] Joel: John? Heh, this movie belongs in the john.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hercules and his fellow sailors confront a field of women in tight shorts, tunics, and silly caps, armed with bows.] Joel: Attack of the Mary Martins! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hercules is choking a lion.] Joel [as lion]: Aww, Herc, I was kidding.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[After Hercules kills the lion a group of cavalry appear] Joel [as a cavalry man]: Hi, we've come to get Scruffy, our pet lion! OH MY GOD!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	(A Huge Cloud is seen on screen with some of the sun peaking through) Crow:There will be patches of scattered god today
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The titles appear.] Crow: I need to know what not to do on a date! Hahaha! [A person's name with 'Ph.D.' attached to it appears.] Servo: What, she has a Ph.D. in dating? Joel: Oh no, this is like having your mom talk to you about sex!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kay steps behind Nick while holding a hammer] Joel: Kay's worked on the kill floor - she knows where to deliver the blow.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: How does Jeff get ideas like that? Servo [as Narrator]: From the voices inside his head. [Nick notices piece of paper on bulletin board] Narrator: Wait a minute, maybe this is where Jeff gets his ideas! Joel: The lunch menu?
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Nick loads sandwiches onto his plate at the food table.] Servo: Uh, Nick, other people have to eat, too.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: Ice cream? I love this party!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Narrator]: Had this been an actual date, you would have been instructed where to go.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During one of the many, many girl fights.] Crow: Beverly Garland's bra! I have seen the Promised Land!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[opening credits roll along shot of desktop with a phone, gun, & smoldering cigarette] Crow: [excited] Oh, wow! I bet this guy's so cool! He smokes, carries a gun, and... [deflating] makes a lot of... phone calls...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sinbad addresses a crowd of people in the city and they yell in agreement with something he says.] Crow [as someone in the crowd]: Howard Johnson is right!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sinbad delivers another speech, but the editing makes it appear as though it has lasted for more than a day.] Joel: It's noon and he's still filibustering!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sinbad makes prospective members of his crew drink a strong liquid to test their fortitude.] Crow: They're test-marketing Crystal Pepsi.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sinbad's ships approach an island whose residents wear giant horned helmets and cloaks.] Crow: They look like the Knights Who Say "Ni!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Roxy walks up to her little car.] Crow [as Roxy]: Taxi! ...Oh, I drove. . . . Servo: Y'know, the nice thing about this car is she can fold it up and put it in her purse.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Roxie parks her car at Tommy's service station and honks her horn. Tommy, played by the homely Arch Hall, Jr., looks up.] Crow: Honk if you love Eegah! Tommy: Hi, Roxie! Joel [as Tommy]: Sorry about my face!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The not-so-intrepid Robert I. Miller goes exploring in the desert.] Joel: Oh, look, he's wearing corrective shoes with black socks. Servo: He's wearing corrective everything!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tommy drives up as Eegah runs from Roxie's car. Roxie screams.] Tommy: Roxie! It's me, Tom! Joel [as Roxie]: That's why I'm screaming! AAAAAAAAA!!!
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[In the desert, Dr. Miller, Roxy, and Tommy are examining the giant's tracks.] Dr. Miller: He left the road right here. Dr. Miller: [ dubbed voiceover ] Watch out for snakes! Servo: Who said that?!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Tommy sings and plays an electric guitar by the motel pool.] Joel: Man, it looks like it hurts to be him. Servo [as Motel Staff on Loudspeaker]: Uh, will the gentleman by the pool please discontinue the song? And watch out for snakes.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Over yet another disgusting close-up of Arch Hall Jr.] Joel: I figured it out, he looks like the bat from FernGully.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Eegah introduces Roxie to his mummified relatives.] Roxie: Um... how do you do? Crow [as corpse]: I'm really, really dead.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At a pool party, Eegah once again carries off Roxy.] Joel: Man, she gets picked up so much, she should have a handle!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Miller, trying to escape, carefully packs all his things into his plaid bag.] Joel: Oh, yeah. Don't forget your little satchel. Crow: That purse will be the death of him!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Eegah returns to his cave, carrying flowers.] Crow [as Eegah]: [singing] Red roses for a blue ladyyyy... Crow and Servo: [in unison] EEGAH SHUCKA! EEGAH! EEGAH! Joel: [singing] I can't stop this feelin'...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of a dress store]: Crow: It's Frederick's of Maplewood. Joel [as Announcer]: The Loretta Young Show! [Crow imitiates an audience roaring while Servo imitates the theme]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as The Cryptkeeper]: Welcome to the Crypt! We've dug up something for you! [chuckles] Why not stick around and watch Dream On? It's the breast show on TV! [to Joel] Kill me.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Most of us think that these people were really free... Joel [as Narrator]: But they were just stupid!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel, Crow, Servo: [singing to the Speed Racer theme] Go, Speed Farmer! Go, Speed Farmer! Go, Speed Farmer, go!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	. . . Servo: There's something you don't see every day. Joel: What's that? Servo: A farmer with all his limbs!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The gang is quacking along with the background music.] Servo: Now "Duck News". Here's Hugh McQuackin.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cut to a single, long irrigation ditch in a grove.] Narrator: A complicated system of irrigation is used. Joel: Oh, real complicated.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The carrots are washed first. Crow [as Narrator]: They're made flavorless so people will buy steak!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Some carrots are frozen. Crow: Some carrots are humiliated publicly.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Here in southern Texas, they have an additional problem... Crow: Texans.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Men spray ice into a large shipping container with a huge fire hose] Narrator: The vegetables are shipped in special, refrigerated containers. Crow [as Narrator]: Later, this device is used to beat back the workers.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Towards the end of the short, which has mostly consisted just of shots of people farming...] Joel: Wait a minute, has anybody seen a truck yet?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the opening PRC (Producers Releasing Corportation) logo...] Servo: Penile Replacement Corporation pictures presents...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the title appears] Crow: The John Bradshaw story!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the title sequence] Servo: [singing] They laughed when I Accused my Parents and I kill them... Let's see if they are laughing now...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During Jimmy's trial...] Jimmy: Maybe I shouldn't say this, Your Honor... Joel [as Jimmy]: ...but I'm Esther Rolle! Jimmy: But... I accuse my parents! [Everyone applauds.] Servo: Yes! We have a title!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kitty: [singing] Are you happy... Crow: Define "happy!" Kitty: ...In your work... Joel: Oh, don't sing this to me on a Monday...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kitty abruptly breaks off her relationship with Jimmy.] Kitty: You'll always be a shoe salesman at $25 a week. Servo [as Jimmy]: Eighteen, after taxes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The lumpy-haired Kitty cries after Blake forces her to break up with Jimmy.] Servo [as Kitty]: If I had parents, I'd accuse them right now! Crow: I accuse her hair!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the opening title song, which praises all the wonderful qualities of Neil Connery...] Joel: [singing] He gets his haircut on Tuesdays! Crow: [singing] He prefers stuffing to potatoes! Tom Servo: [singing] His favorite movie is Turner and Hooch!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Neil Connery prepares to hypnotize his patient, Miss Yashuko. He tents his fingers in concentration.] Joel: All right, here's the church, here's the steeple, open the door and go to sleeple.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After an hour or so of no discernible plot development, Mr. Thayer discusses the details of his evil plan.] Mr. Thayer: Everything will go on, as if nothing happened. Joel: Nothing has happened...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Singing to the opening credits theme] Servo: The Girl in Lover's Lane... Crow: With Jack Elam, not Jack LaLanne!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel, Servo: [to the beat] [cough, cough] ... [cough, cough] Crow: [singing] Within a matter of day-eeez, All of our skin will fall off.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the SOL bridge, Crow is dressed as Jack Elam's character Jesse.]] Crow: To live like the E-lam...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title Body Care and Grooming appears on the screen.] Joel: Is this an infomercial? Where's Cher? Servo [as TV announcer]: Body Care. And Grooming. They're cops.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Besides accumulating sweat, the skin is also constantly picking up dirt, dust, grit, and other foreign particles. Crow: Skin sucks.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: One of these is cleansing cream. Servo [as Narrator]: One of these is nitric acid. Choose wisely.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the credit for screenwriter True Boardman] Joel: Yeah, I'm afraid we're gonna be true bored men after this...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Now, is this the real Old West, or the Roy Rogers Old West where they had electricity and cars?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jonathan: Thirty years of mud scrabblin', and when I do find the glory dust, I go off half-cocked! Crow [as Jonathan]: But enough vernacular...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Taylor: Never mind the dog, Tommy... Servo [as Taylor]: Here's the Sex Pistols.
tv-mst3k	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[In response to a corral that suddenly appears] Tom: How did that corral get there? Crow: They used CorelDraw.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a scenic shot of a mountain] Crow: Mount Rushmore!...Before it was built.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After a long montage depicting Tommy, Jonathan, Taylor, and Shep working together on Jonathan's mining site, the scene fades to a shot of Taylor looking out the window of the cabin.] Joel [as Taylor]: Well, looks like the montage finally blew over.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Pilot Pete saddles up his horse and heads away from Jonathan's cabin after a brief, uneventful stay.] Crow: So this guy comes in, stops the plot cold, and leaves.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Shep]: SNAUSAGES!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In a barfight, a patron grabs Jake and throws him over the bar.] Joel: You know, he shoulda slid him across the bar. Servo: Oh, they hadn't invented that yet.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joel: Man, this movie is just sitting on my head and crushing it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cain: Only the good die young. Servo: Most of us are morally ambiguous, which explains our random dying patterns.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A drunken Cain attempts to kiss Erika.] Cain: [drunkenly] You got brown eyes... Servo [as Cain]: [drunkenly] An' you got a neck. . . . Tom [as Cain]: Booze has knighted me King Of The Lovers!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The character of Mike Nelson has appeared for the first time, as a temp worker in Deep 13.] Dr. Forrester: Here it is. Mitchell, starring Joe Don Baker Mike Nelson: You guys watch Joe Don Baker movies?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Forrester: Well, here it comes, Joel
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera slowly pans across a thickly tree-screened home at night.] Servo: Ee-gah... Crow: Shtemlo. Joel: Watch out for snakes! Servo [as Announcer]: We've hidden Mitchell somewhere in this picture... Crow [as Announcer]: Mitchell, will you stand up, please?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Benton stops Mitchell from following Cummings into his home.] Benton: No salesmen at this entrance. Servo [as Mitchell]: But I'm not a salesman! I'm the Chubby Blue Line!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the park, Mitchell shoots man in the leg.] Crow: Daryl Gates on his day off. Crow [as Golf Sportscaster]: He's landed just short of the green. Servo [as Other Golfers]: Can you hurry it up, we've got a head wound back here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deaney: How do you like your Scotch, Mitchell? Crow [as Mitchell]: Uh, by the quart.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hoyt resumes the theme song during the movie's closing credits.] Hoyt Axton: [singing] My my my my Mitchell, what would yo' momma say? Crow: She'd say, "He's not mine! You can't prove it!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mitchell spends several minutes silently comitting some mysterious act of sabotage on a car. It is unclear to the viewer what exactly Mitchell is doing.] Servo [as Mitchell]: Why did I do that?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mitchell tries to scale the fence outside Deaney's estate.] Joel [as Mitchell]: Man, this is hard to do after six sour cream burritos!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bill is going to show Jan his experiment.] Bill: You have the keys to your car? [Cut to them driving.] Crow: The answer: yes, she has the keys to her car. Servo [as announcer]: The Long, Long Trailer!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cortner falls to the ground, clutching the head and gazing accusingly at the sky] Crow [with British accent]: Oh, thank you, God! Thank you so bloody much!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jan is talking after Cortner has saved her head.] Crow: Doesn't she need lungs? Servo: No, she's got neck juice!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Assistant Kurt is whining about his withered and deformed arm to bodiless Jan.] Crow [as Jan]: Look. You know they say there's always someone worse off? I'm that person!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jan communicates with the monster in the closet.] Jan: Do you understand me? Knock once if you can understand me. Servo: Knock three times on the ceiling if you want me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cortner attends a "Body Beautiful" beauty "auction".] Mike [as Announcer]: Contestant number 3 slipped and her head fell off! Servo [as Cortner]: I'LL TAKE HER, I'LL TAKE HER!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The monster, having escaped the closet earlier, bites out a chunk of Cortner's neck and quickly spits it out.] Servo [as Monster]: That's one nasty McNugget! Ew!
tv-mst3k	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Reading the title card] Servo: Is this love, or is it just rough sex with Michael Douglas?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peg: I think I'll send a telegram instead. Liz: Don't be silly, Peg! You always talk as if your mother were an... ogre, or something. Mike [as Liz]: Well, I've known her for fifty years...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a girl is strangled] Crow: Splendor in the Grass 2: Dream Warrior!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reading the opening cards] Servo: Cheating: How to make it work for you at home and on the job. Crow: A Centron production, although we got the idea from a different company, because we're cheating!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short opens over a large clock.] Servo [as radio announcer]: The Jack Benny Program! [The clock strikes ominously.] Mike: [deeply] Ebenezer Scrooge...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A phone rings.] Crow: For depressing phone sex, dial 1-900-ALFALFA. [John picks the phone up, but a ringing sound can still be heard.] Servo: Oh, the foley guy must be calling!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Johnny: Why don't they call? Crow: Because they don't like you.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Mother Teresa called. She hates you.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Was there a shadow of doubt in Miss Grandy's face as she handed back your paper? Crow: Or was it lust?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Somehow, that odd little look Miss Grandy gave you seemed to haunt you. [As Johnny lies awake in bed, an massive image of Miss Grandy's face appears beside him as he remembers her expression.] Servo [as Johnny]: Oh, hi Miss Grandy - EAAAAAAGH! AAAAAAAH! GET AWAY!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And most of all, your new job as student council representative. [As the narrator says this, we see Johnny standing in front of the council, silently talking about something.] Crow [as Johnny]: I envision a cheating wing!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Student council members raise their hands to vote to expel cheater Johnny from their ranks] Mike, Crow, Servo: Give us Barabbas! Barabbas!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: But did John truly intend to be dishonest? Servo: Or was he just pure evil?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A question mark appears on-screen.] Crow [as the Riddler]: Riddle me this, Batman! [cackles]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the "The End" card] Mike: The end... for Johnny at least, you poor dope!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film opens with a movie logo for Medallion TV.] Mike: Hey, I have my 40-year TV medallion. Servo: [singing] What do you do when you're branded? Crow: [singing] You watch TV.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The first scene after the credits is a night shot of a narrow city street lined with apartment buildings.] Servo: I'm as mad as hell!...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans down to rest on the rears of three dancing women in tight pants.] Mike: Holy cow! That's 40 pounds of butt in 30-pound-butt-capacity pants!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: They just put a bunch of movies in a blender and pressed the 'Mix' button!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Camera pans up to an imprisioned brunette with a typical 1960's flip hairdo] Mike: Oh, Donald.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A man sits at his desk and talks to his secretary.] Man: Miss Benson, I'm going to the commissary for a quick bite of lunch, ring through to me if that Simpson call comes in. Mike: Simpson, eh?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The plot inexplicably switches to something about underground monsters, using footage from The Mole People.] Crow: [confused] Wha - that's The Mole People! These movies have crashed! Mike: You got your Mole People in my Batwoman! Servo: You got your Batwoman in my Mole People!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: You know a movie is bad bad bad if it makes the Monkees look good!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The cast chases each other round and round a table while ludicrous hootenanny music plays.] Mike: Maybe they'll all turn into butter.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: So, Mike. This is Hell. Mike: Yep. Crow: Mike, I demand that you kill me. Servo: Me too. Mike: No. [a beat] Will you kill me?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A rail-thin beatnik waiter attends to a table at a restaurant. The waiter has a very distinct hairstyle and moustache.] Crow: Hey! Hitler! We want to order over here!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The villain has just been unmasked, but due to the badness of the film, the audience already knows the villain's identity]" Servo: Please do not reveal the secret to The Wild, Wild World of Batwoman.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[a plain sign with a very crude drawing of a hamburger and the word "BURGERS" is seen in the background] Mike: That sign is really seducing me into buying a burger!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A scene of a Mediterranean style city is shown, with a domed building in the background] Crow: Hey it's the Blue Mosque! Servo: No, the Blue Mosque isn't on a hill. Crow: Have you been to Istanbul? Servo: THIS ISN'T EVEN ISTANBUL!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After a restless sleep, Wanda awakes with a start, her glasses askew over her nose.] Mike [as Wanda]: Ah! Swimsuit issue! Crow [as Wanda]: This whole room smells like my eyes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wanda hears some rocks falling in the cavern] Wanda: Dad? Mike: Look, your dad's not responsible for everything that happens in the world!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Kathy Ireland]: This door sounds brown!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a man in a little car rides wildly past in the foreground...] Crow: Whoa-oa-oa! Don't ride the Wild Mouse, it's not saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaafe!!!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Wanda begins to explain about what happened to her father, but Charmin suddenly stops her.] Charmin: Wait a minute...is that really your voice? Servo: [irritated] Oh, jeez, I'd slap this movie if I could!
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[The military downs one giant grasshopper, but the others close in.] Crow [as Grasshopper]: They got Jiminy! Get em! . . . Mike [as general]: We have got to get organized! We should not be losing to grasshoppers, people!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of the Chicago skyline as a droning sound plays continuously.] Servo: When Brian Eno ruled Chicago.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over yet another shot of the lush rolling countryside with mountains in the distance] Mike: Guys, this is so not Illinois.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the film fades out on a man being grabbed and carried off by a gang, it fades back in on a photograph of the same man.] Tom Servo: [gasps] They flattened him!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The "gang" enters a diner one by one.] Mike, Servo and Crow [as everyone in the diner]: Norm! Norm! Norm! Norm! Norm!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jamie and a group of students race for a car to get to the City Council.] Mike [as Announcer]: Pete, Linc, Julie, and... Steve? . . . Servo [as Walter Winchell]: Elliot Ness and his Untouchables were in hot pursuit!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jamie and his friends try to speak to the City Council] Angry City Councilman: We're just wasting time here and we've wasted too much time already! Servo [as Councilman]: Kill 'em all!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the end of the film, a question mark appears and moves towards the screen.] Servo: It's Prince's new name, isn't it? Crow: No, it's Frank Gorshin's new name!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the girl in the opening scene is being lowered inside a machine, Mike and the Bots realize something about her.]' Mike: Hey, wait a minute! Crow: She's nude! Servo: Lady...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Otto Frank steps out of the device after showing Mrs. March that the girl's body has been reanimated] Crow: She's SORT-OF ALIVE!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Anita Gonzales, having her mind replaced with a cat, is chased onto the roof and ends up clinging to the side. Despite an attempt to rescue her, she slips and...] Servo: [giggling] And she floats gently to her death!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wicked dowager Hetty March lifts herself out of the wheelchair.] Crow [as Hetty/Dr. Strangelove]: Mein Fuehrer! I can walk!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Three-quarters of the way through the movie, which has consisted almost entirely of the characters just wandering around the house and talking...] Servo: So, Mike, where's the atomic brain? Mike: I don't know...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the title screen]: Crow: [excited] With Jane Russell? Oh please oh please oh please oh please... Mike: No, don't get your hopes up.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Ten seconds into the opening credits...] Crow: I hate this movie already.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Cabot's ring begins to flash.] Crow: It's Commissioner Gordon calling!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Watney: You know how to party, don't'cha, Cabot? Mike [as Watney]: You just put your lips together and drink!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Guard: Who are you? Cabot: My name is Cabot. Guard: Cabot? [Numerous Korubian peasants turn around in excitement at the mention of Cabot's name.] Peasant #1: Cabot! Peasant #2: Cabot! Peasant #3: Cabot! Peasant #4: Cabot! Peasant #5: Cabot! Mike: Nope, doesn't ring a bell, sorry.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[on the possibility of confronting a large group of armed slavers] Cabot: Listen. As long as I have some blood left in my veins, I will always fight slavery and oppression! Mike [as Cabot]: Uh, starting tomorrow.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[The slaves are taken to a small trading village where they are to be sold.] Servo: Check it out, it's one of them Jack Nicklaus golf communities! Mike: [to Servo] ...Are you old? How do you know about that?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jack Palance's character is engaged in a lengthy plot recap with the evil Queen Lara] Queen Lara: What are you talking about? Mike [as Jack Palance]: [resignedly] I really don't know.
tv-mst3k	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Cabot explains his love for Talena to a slave girl] Cabot: She feels for me and I feel for her, and we're free to express it. Crow [as Cabot]: Nekkid.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Title of short appears] Servo: Your last clear chance... for fantastic savings!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As woman walks away from car] Crow: Forty percent of car accidents are caused by... women's hinders!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [As patrolman] I'd tuck you in, but you're dead.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patrolman: Every day, these are your signs of life, whose purpose is to keep you alive. Crow: Even though you don't deserve it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patrolman: They figure rules are for the other guy, not for good drivers like themselves. Servo [as patrolman]: They're communists!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patrolman: Whenever there's a haphazard on the road, there's usually a sign that tells you about it. Like a 'curve warning'. Or a 'right of way' sign. 'Narrow bridge'. 'Signals ahead'. 'Do not enter'. 'No passing', and many others. Crow: 'All nude girls!' Servo: 'Whites only'.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Close-up of woman driving, having difficulty with a map] Patrolman: Here's another problem on the roads that we officers face all too often... Mike: Women drivers! [everyone chuckles condecsendingly]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patrolman: ...the entering car that fails to yield the right of way. [An ominous black car skids into the street, nearly hitting a car that's forced to move into another lane] Crow: The paid assassin cruising through town!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patrolman: And yet, many people who have lived through a crossing accident will say-- Servo: AAAAAH! [Mike and Crow look at Servo strangely.] Servo: That's what they say.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Frank arrives at the farm and sees Patrolman Hal] Frank: [Jokingly] I give up, officer! What's the charge? Crow [as patrolman]: Ha, ha! MANSLAUGHTER.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: I have a feeling one of these characters is about to see their own intestines!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Engineer: Why don't they look, Ralph? Tell me, why don't they look? Tom [as Ralph]: You're deep, Ernie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As title of movie appears on screen] Crow: Gary Burghoff goes undercover! Mike: That would explain his career for the last 10 years.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A caroling on the SOL has broken into a riot.] Magic Voice: We'll be right back... I think. Noel!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Santa's observatory is filled with magical equipment enabling him to spy on all the children of Earth.] Mike: [cheerfully] Santa's tendrils reach far and wide. There is no hiding from the K.L.A.U.S. Organization.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Santa eavesdrops on the bad children.] Second boy: [over radio] Anyway, Santa doesn't care about us. He's too far away. Servo [as Santa Claus]: They're on to me! Into the escape pod!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[noting the Italian-looking names in the credits] Crow: This is a fascist Santa! Mike: Yeah, at the end, Santa gets hung upside down. Tom: Well, at least he made the sleigh rides run on time.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[In "Hades," a number of devils cavort in a poorly-choreographed fashion] Mike: Oh, I suppose Hell got an NEA grant!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a dream sequence of opening boxes with people inside] Mike [as announcer]: It's your new mom! [Crow imitates audience roaring]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A girl is dreaming of performing in front of a row of identical boxes.] Mike: Pick your refrigerator, Lupita!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Several children are writing.] Crow [as children]: Call me Ishmael... I was born in a house my father built... The minute Yossarian... . . . Crow: [sings] I've written a letter to Daddy...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two young boys stand at a mailbox, mailing their letters to Santa Claus.] Mike [as boy]: I'm tellin' ya, Pepe, these Comedy Central contests are a waste of time!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Letters to Santa arrive at the North Pole.] Crow [as Santa]: Ho ho ho! There's a dollar in every one! My chain letter scam worked!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pedro: What kind of food do they eat on earth, Santa? Santa Claus: Oh, everything in sight! They eat most of the animals, the birds, the plants, the roots, the fish, even smoke and alcohol! Servo [as Santa Claus]: And they eat at Hardee's!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A young "African" helper jumps off a sleigh.] Servo [as African Child]: [grumbling] Bone in my hair... I'm from Detroit!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: [as Santa's sleigh is flying in the sky] I wonder where Santa will go first? Europe? Africa? America? Servo: Circle Pines?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Santa Claus makes his way home after delivering his presents.] Mike [as Santa]: Ho! Ho! H... wait, I forgot France. [pause] ...Oh, well! Ho! Ho! Ho!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera is zoomed in on a telephone ringing.] Mike [as an answering machine]: This is Jim Rockford, leave a message and I'll get back to ya. Crow: Jimmy, it's Angel, I'm in real bad trouble! Servo: [starts performing The Rockford Files theme]
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The credits show "Based on The Food of the Gods by H. G. Wells".] Crow: "Based on"? Yeah, in that they're both in English! Mike: It could be based on Profiles in Courage! Servo: Oh, by Theodore Sorensen?
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	[Genius pours beaker contents, resulting in an explosion of red goop which splatters on his face.] Servo: He blew his hand off! Crow [as Magnus Pyke]: I blinded me with science!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a seemingly endless sequence of the giant bikini-clad teens dancing in slow-motion] Crow: You know, I'm starting to suspect this might be padding. Servo: Oh, no, no... Mike: No, that's real.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Genius (played by a young Ron Howard) proudly shows off the mixture he's working on, then returns to the basement to perfect it.] Mike: I hope that blows up in his face so I don't have to see Willow. Crow: Hey, I liked Willow!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Genius mixes various chemicals, trying to create more "goo".] Mike: Look at him, the little kid, plotting against us with Willow. Crow: [indignantly] I liked Willow! Mike: Kevin Pollak? You liked that?
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[A tarantula that's been exposed to the "goo" grows to a humongous size; it growls as it corners the film's stars.] Crow: Spiders don't growl, even that big. Mike: I guess you can't really prove that when they're that big, they don't growl. Crow: [defensively] I liked Willow.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Hey, y'know, Ron must've gotten directing tips from Bert I. Servo: That's why he made Willow. Crow: Hey, I liked Willow!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The teens try to lasso the legs of the giant teens' leader, in a very poor special effect involving large mannequin legs.] Crow: Oh, come on! The effects in Willow were better than this! Mike: Hey, you liked Willow! Crow: I - huh?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman: [singing] I dreamed last night, the moon was so bright... Mike: Aw, y'know, I hate it when people tell me about their dreams.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Mystery Man first appears...] Servo: And Tommy Tune arrives!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Dancing Woman arrives at Motorama...] Mike: Right in the middle of the Steinman-Hopsburg wedding reception!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: You know, I had a near-death experience like this.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman: I want a Corvette! Mike [as Mystery Man]: [singing] I don't give a tin sh...! Mystery Man: I thought you would! Crow [as Mystery Man]: That's why I entered your head! Woman: [singing] I want a Pontiac, too! Mike: Man, she's a high-maintanence date!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mystery Man: [singing] This Buick's a beaut! Woman: [singing] I'll Try it! Crow:She's going to roll it! [Mike and Tom Servo gasp]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	... Servo:Uh, Security to the showroom floor, please.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The woman removes a birthday cake from a futuristic oven.] Woman: My cake is ready. Mike: I call no way! Servo: Uh-uh. Candles and everything... Crow: Happy Birthday, Wanda June. . . . Crow: Y'know, just because it's futuristic doesn't mean it's practical!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends, the Dancing Woman and the Mystery Man ride off together. The road they're on appears to be a dead end.] Mike: Look out! The bridge to the future's out! [They all gasp and make explosions as the end card appears.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film starts over the Columbia Pictures logo.] Servo [as Jerry Lewis]: Lady! Crow [as Jerry Lewis]: Hey, lady! Mike [as Jerry Lewis]: Hey, down here, lady! Servo [as Jerry Lewis]: Love this lady. Mike: She's in everything.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the opening title] Mike: Doughnuts? Servo: No, no, no. Crow [as Jackie Gleason]: Oh, you're goin' to the moon, all right!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The film's opening credits gradually plaster a dozen names on the screen.] Mike: Wow, I think I'm in this!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Our heroes have landed safely on the Moon.] Dr. Hamid: Allah be praised! Dr. Orlov: Praise the ship, not Allah. Servo [as Hamid]: I'll praise whoever I want, white boy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Regarding Mel Tormé...] Mike: Hit him! He'll cry! . . . Mike: He's like a youthful Jabba the Hutt.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mother Veronica climbs out of a car driven by another nun] Mother Veronica: Wait for me, sister. Crow [as Mother Veronica]: If you hear any shooting, just pull around the corner and get ready to gun it!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Policeman Clyde grills Serafina about her accusation against Jimmy (played by a babyfaced Paul Anka).] Mr. Clyde: You don't want him to go to jail, now, do you? Servo: Make him promise not to sing "She's Having My Baby"!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Buxom Silver Morgan speaks with her dead ex-boyfriend's father] Mr. Gardner: I'll never understand what my son saw in you. Silver: Oh, no? [turns to face him] Crow [as Silver]: Do these explain anything?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Silver Morgan, played by the ample-chested Mamie Van Doren, steps out of the car and stands at an angle emphasizing her prominent bustline.] Crow: Let's see, where should I be looking right now...?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Silver: Any.. studs around here? Serafina: Any what? Silver: Daddy-O's. He-males. Stags! Serafina: Only the gardeners. Crow [as Serafina]: And Father Fabio!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At a club, Jimmy sings Paul Anka's hit "Lonely Boy".] Jimmy: I'm just a lonely boy... Mike: Why does that not surprise me?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Jimmy performs the ballad "It's Time To Cry" for the girls at Girls Town.] Servo: The music that rocked America... gently to sleep.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At a drive-in restaurant, Fred (Mel Tormé) chows down on a huge burger over a tray with two drinks.] Mike: The Velvet Hog! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Silver tries to return Mary Lee's call, but gets no answer.] Silver: Operator, I've dialed ORchard 4-2122 ten times! I can't get anyone to answer! Crow [as Operator]: Well, you want me to go to the house and answer the phone?!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The bread delivery "boy" that Silver is on a date with is an undercover cop] Silver Morgan: Oh, I was a fool to fall for a phony delivery boy! Mike: Especially since he's thirty-eight!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: The Woody Allen story! Mike: Hey, I like my family, as a friend!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reading a list of names in the credits] Crow: All of who are orphans.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brother looks inside a pot] Narrator: What's the matter? Servo [as Brother]: THERE'S A RABBIT IN THERE!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Announcer]: We've secretly switched their Folgers coffee...
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The women of this family seem to feel that they owe it to the men of the family to look relaxed, rested, and attractive at dinnertime. Mike [as Narrator]: So they're unsuspecting when they kill them.
tv-mst3k	family	tv-quote	general	0	Mike [as Daughter]: Hi, Mom, I'm pregnant.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brother, sporting a slicked-back hair style, cleans his room.] Narrator: Brother notices the time, and realizes that he must put things in order, and clean himself up in time for dinner. Mike [as Narrator]: He's got to strip and replace the oil in his hair with summer-weight.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Now, Mother and Daughter put the finishing touches on the dinner. Servo [as Narrator]: With strychnine! Crow [as Daughter]: Salad needs more butter, Mother!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: ...he will relax at dinner with those he loves. Crow: But not these people.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Narrator]: What you are watching should have been edited in the final version. My apologies.
tv-mst3k	family	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: They speak with their dad as though they are genuinely glad to see him. Crow [as Narrator]: They're not, of course...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[as the boys talk with their dad] Mike [as Junior]: Father, I had a feeling today. Servo [as Father]: Well don't, son.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike [as Mother]: Hi, I'm Betty, and I'l be your wife tonight.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as Daughter]: Dad, I'm dating a Negro!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Many families throughout the country observe the custom of saying Grace at mealtime. Crow [as Father]: Please, God, take me now...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Father serves Mother first, then Daughter. Mike [as Narrator]: Let's go to the flowchart for this. . . . Crow [as Narrator]: And be sure to make a plate for the narrator.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as Narrator]: A violent argument erupts over whose day was more pleasant.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as Narrator]: Remember, always cut the meat of the person to your left.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Father]: I'm moving to Fire Island, dear.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Be sure to tell Mother how good the food is. Mike [as Narrator]: ...even as you gag on it. [Brother gives the "okay" sign.] Servo [as Brother]: It stinks!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Don't monopolize the conversation and go on and on without stopping. Nothing destroys the charm of a meal more quickly. Mike [as Narrator]: ...than having a personality.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Don't make unkind comparisons about your stand[ard of] living. The dinner table is no place for discontent. It makes Dad and Mother uncomfortable and unhappy. Crow [as Narrator]: ...and they already dislike you enough.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Father has an extremely irritated look on his face.] Mike [as Father]: Well. That settles it. Spankings all around, then.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends] Crow: You know, this makes me want to heat up a Libbyland frozen dinner and eat in front of the TV! Servo [as Announcer]: Now enjoy some refreshments in the lobby! Mike: [waves goodbye] Bye-bye, everyone. Crow: A Simmel-Mervay release.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the opening credits...] Mike: Starring these people and Chuck Norris. . . . [The credit "Directed by Alfred E. Green" appears onscreen] Crow: What, me direct?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pilot: Control tower, request landing instructions. Tom Servo [as flight controller]: [irate] Well, just keep coming down until you're not in the sky anymore! Don't you know how to land?!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [about her work at the blood bank] We set a record today. Vince: You set a record with me a long time ago. Mike [as Vince]: God, I'm smooth.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening card reads "ANHEUSER-BUSCH, INCOPORATED Manufacturers of Quality Low Temperature Cabinet Makers presents"] Mike: Oh yeah, and high-octane suds! Woo!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Showing an artist designing a ice cream package] Narrator: Manufacturers spend millions on package design. Servo [as Narrator]: Yet, this is the result.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a freezer fades in with no lights surrounding it, everyone imitates the theme from "2001: A Space Odyssey".] Narrator: Yes, this is the answer: a real selling wizard. [The lights go on] Servo: Are we in heaven? Crow: [as the lights finish] Rip-off!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: It's a little big; I just want a hotplate!
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And what's the first feature that makes a selling wizard? Servo: Bosoms! Narrator: Sales appeal styling. Crow: Or "S. A. S."
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Talking about the advantage of easily taking inventory with the freezer] Narrator: One glance, and you know if the cabinet requires filling. Servo: Just one glance, don't look back.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Noticing a box in the freezer] Mike: This is frozen cotton?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And notice how these convient horizontal wire shelves put your product always within buying range. Servo: GIVE IT TO ME! GIMME! Narrator: They may be removed entirely for loading to full-cabient capacity. Crow: But don't put your tongue on it!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans down, showing the "Selling Wizard's" lovely gams] Crow: Boy, she's got a big scab on her knee. Narrator: Gentlemen! If you please! Mike [as Narrator]: You filthy degenerates!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Narrator is describing the good points of a freezer] Narrator: Yes, on every count... Mike [as Narrator]: Guilty!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Next step, open a grocery store.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: This freezer rules!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: But I need a stove.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: In this all-purpose, two-lid utility storage cabinet with 23-cubic-foot storage capacity... Mike [as Narrator]: Bodies stack easy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the "The End" card] Servo [as Ed McMahon]: And remember to buy Ed McMahon's Budweiser ice cream. All: Hi-yo! Mike: Leni Riefenstahl's most powerful film. Servo: Hi-yo!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [as a TV announcer] Tonight's episode: "The Dead Go Fishing" with special guest star Robert Culp.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a man in a trench coat runs towards a malfuctioning car] Mike: And Creepy Triple-A is there.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Close-up of crossbow being fired] Servo: [singing] Shoot that poison arrow through my heaaaaaaa-aaart!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[There's some kind of audible fuzz on the soundtrack] Servo: Is someone purring? [Crow looks around for a bit.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Krasker is deep into a seance using a razor blade inside a wine glass.] Woman: I can't hear it clearly - Servo: That's because it's A RAZOR BLADE IN A GLASS!!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Krasker lights up a cigar before the seance.] Crow [as Krasker/Bill Cosby]: And m' wife...came downstairs...her face...was split! Hah hah hah...razzim frazzim...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the end credits] Crow: Hey, I just realized something: They NEVER talked to the dead!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Before the car hits Tony] Servo: Don't worry, his area will protect him! [Tony gets hit by car] Servo: ...Or not.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After running over Tony, the music stops as the teens frantically clamor to each other and scramble to get out of the car.] Mike [as one of the teens]: I think we hit a moose! Crow [as one of the teens]: [hysterical] C'MON, TURN THE TAPE OVER!!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Hank the grocer runs over to Tony's body] Crow: There's a deeeaaaaad hunk in the middle of the road! Dead boy!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Bobby knocks on the window of their car, talking to Jim] Bobby: Hey, what's the matter? Mike [as Jim]: This Kansas song just makes me so sad!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: What are you looking at? Eat your ice cream!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Zombie Tony looks up to a bright light] Servo: The dead Zone is for loading and unloading only...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[When Adam West first appears on screen, sitting behind a desk, smoking a cigar] Servo [as Batman TV announcer]: What's this?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Police Captain Churchman (Adam West) walks over to a reluctant punk murder suspect being restrained by workers and kicks him in the face.] Crow: Oh that was easy for him, he just pretended it was Tim Burton.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Det. Sorrell: [on the issue of Bobby's murder] The kid was impaled with a baseball bat; I don't know how this James Earl guy could do it! Capt. Churchman: Maybe James Earl has a great batting average. Servo: But it's the R.B.Is that count, isn't it?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Zombie Tony is returning to the cemetery after a night of killing] Crow: Y'know, ironically, they were only able to bust the zombie for tax evasion! [chuckles]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a car backs up, turns around and drives away] Servo: Hal Needham was brought in to direct this scene. [The car drives off the screen.] Servo: And that's it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Our hero Maciste (AKA Colossus) returns to find pandemonium: people are running in every direction, large stones falling around, and a volcano erupting.] Servo [as Maciste]: I leave you alone for one hour - !
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ariel: What is your name? Maciste: Maciste, and yours? Crow: [holding back laughter] Cheesesteak?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans very slowly down Maciste's body as he steers the raft] Crow: Hmm... the camera operator is indulging himself here...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After many days on a raft, Maciste pulls the sail aside to see land nearby.] Crow: Oh, it was behind the sail the whole time! Maciste: Land! Land! Servo [as Maciste]: It would be really great if we found some land! Mike [as Maciste]: It's... the wrong land, never mind, sorry.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Maciste has been shot in the chest with an arrow, but he pulls it out effortlessly and gets to his feet.] Crow: [snickering] Luckily, this was before death had been invented.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Queen Amoa is explaining her peoples' problem to Maciste at considerable length.] Crow [as Maciste]: [wearily] Hey, look, my island blew up!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Isn't it cute the way they're making a stab at a plot?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A fight scene has broken out.] Mike: Well, it's not a plot point... and it's not an action sequence... so what is it?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans across a battle in the headhunters' village - and past an embarrased-looking tribesman standing awkwardly by himself.] Mike: Aw, poor guy doesn't have a fighting partner!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kermes ambushes Maciste and, in the ensuing fight, gets stabbed with his own sword.] Mike [as Maciste]: Wow, those sharp things really work! . . . Servo: And three quarters into the movie, Maciste finally does something!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sheriff Ben and Deputy Martin examine a spacecraft.] Sheriff Ben: It could be one of our missiles. Servo [as Martin]: This county has missiles, sir?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The carpet/alien is "devouring" a victim, who is obviously climbing into the prop's mouth] Mike [as Alien]: Uh, if you could help me out by climbing in... Crow [as Alien]: I can't believe I ate the whole thing!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A woman hangs laundry, consisting entirely of white items.] Crow: When Tom Wolfe's wife does the laundry!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Pursued by the monster, a morbidly obese man falls over into a shallow stream and flails around wildly] Servo: Let the current take you away! SWIIIIM!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Martin desperately tries to disable the ship's computers by beating it with his pistol.] Mike: Hey, there's bullets in the other end of that thing!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title appears on screen.] Crow: I thought I smelled something!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Is Velveeta a member of the National Dairy Council? Servo: Naw, Velveeta's a splinter group.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Narrator]: Already the children have disturbed Uncle Jim. Uncle Jim is an edgy man who should not be riled.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: George and Andy help Bill feed the pigs every day... Servo [as Narrator]: Day after life-sucking day.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As grain pours out of a spout] Crow [as George]: I just saw a finger! Mike: Can we go home?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The kids are playing in the hay] Servo [as city girl]: But I have to be careful with my new jeans 'cause I just got them at Pamida!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The girls wake up in their bunk bed and talk to each other.] Crow [as girl]: Uncle Jim's out of control - we frag him today.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the SOL bridge, Mike and the Bots are in costumes.] Servo: Ah! Hello. Welcome to tonight's Mystery... Murder... Dinner... Party - Crow: I did it! Gypsy, Servo, Mike: CROW!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Our helpless "heroes" are instructed to go to "The Tree Of Death" where they will find means to fight back Balleau. Cut to a tree with a jawless skull on it] Mike [as the skull]: [muffled and sarcastically] Oh, oh, REAL good plan! "Let's go to the Tree Of Death right away!"
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[In Balleau's "gallery", one of his victims is kneeling with his hands extended] Mike [as Al Jolson]: [singing] Mammy! Mammy! I'd walk a million miles for one of your smiles!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [indignantly] I don't like the villain!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Balleau finally meets his end after being impaled on one of his trophy stands.] Mike: Now, see, if earlier in the film this guy had said "I'll never be impaled on my own rack", then this would be ironic.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening title and copyright information only appear for a few seconds.] Crow: Hey, I didn't finish!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the very beginning of the short] Narrator: This is the fairground, where the fair is held. Servo: Any questions so far?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Olson family loads their truck for the county fair.] Narrator: Into the truck goes one of the calves that Johnny Olson has raised. Servo [as Narrator/Barker]: Tell us what they've won, Johnny Olson! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Johnny goes first to see the fish. Crow [as Johnny]: I like fish... Narrator: Say, these bass would make good fishing! If only they were in the creek back home. Mike: Well, see, they were in the creek, but they've been caught and that's why they're here.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bob and Johnny are examining a collection of moths on display at the fairgrounds] Crow [as Narrator]: Later, these moths turn up in the mouths of Bob's victims!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Showing a collection of pickle jars] Servo: Pickles pack the stands for the pickle races! [The short cuts to a new scene] Narrator: What's this? Crow: EVIL!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A matronly judge unenthusiastically samples a cake.] Narrator: Judging cakes oughta be fun. Servo [as Narrator]: ... but this woman sucks the joy out of it!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The stern-looking judge closely examines a cake.] Narrator: First, she feels the cake... Crow [as Narrator]: ...then she rubs it into her hair...
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Olsens go to have lunch...] Mike [as Mr. Olsen]: Let's go eat something gray.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Bob Olson examines a jet plane.] Narrator: Bob still has lots to see. This is a jet plane. Servo [as Bob]: Where's the corn go? Narrator: Wonder what it would be like to fly it? Mike [as Narrator]: ...over Cambodia, secretly maintaining plausible deniability. [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the 4-H cow show, the judge announces the winner.] Narrator: Well! The champion's blue ribbon goes to a girl! Crow [as Narrator]: The cows are furious!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends] Narrator: Too soon, the rides are over. Crow [as Narrator]: The lawsuts begin. Narrator: And too soon, all the fun comes to an end. . . . Crow [as one of the Olsons]: You spent your nickel, we're done.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a pristine shot of Hawaiian beach...] Crow: Well, this is a very nice place, I can see why families would want to - [A man suddenly pops his head up into frame and starts singing.] Mike, Servo, & Crow: AAAAAAAAH!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: This is so almost Mitchell. Crow: It's about fifty pounds short of Mitchell.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the title screen] Crow: Because you're bad at math?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: No students' arms were harmed in the making of this film.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short is a Centron production.] Servo: Thank you, Centron!
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[We are brought to a dull and rather gloomy industrial arts course in progress.] Crow: [after several seconds of silence] Depressed yet? Joe [voiceover]: You know, it's fun to have an idea. Mike [as Joe]: There, wasn't that fun?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe's buddy: How'd ya like this shop class, Joe? Joe: I like it swell. Why? [Scene cuts to Joe's big eared buddy] Servo [as Joe's buddy]: Could you staple my ears back?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends] Crow: This is the film the boys had to watch and the girls had to go to the gym and watch the other film!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening credits list over three dozen actors.] Servo: Oh, I know what this is, this is an "I-can't-pay-you-but-I'll-put-your-name-in-the-credits" cast list.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Suzy: Is Frankie here? Beth: Frankie's not here. Mike: Frankie goes to Hollywood.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The plane Beth is in starts to malfunction before it even leaves the ground] Crow: Terror at Sea-level. Servo: [giggling] More terrifying than Airport '77!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Harry pulls his hugely coiffed wife Beth out of the malfunctioning plane.] Harry: What happened? Mike [as Beth]: I saw my hair in the mirror and I panicked!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Inside a rather dark room, Beth lights a candle on a small dinner table.] Servo: Ah, she's setting up for a séance. Crow: They're going to invoke the spirit of the continuity man. . . . Mike [as Harry]: Dinner isn't white enough, honey.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harry: And Frankie, if I ever catch you around here again, I'll break both your legs. Mike [as Frankie]: What if I don't bring 'em with me?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bernie: I feel real free in that wild blue sky. Crow [as Bernie]: Cops can't touch me up there. Bernie: ...Feels good, making like a bird, floating around up there. Mike [as Bernie]: Poopin' on people.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[After half an hour of mumbled dialog and uneventful skydiving...] Mike: Seems like they forgot to have things happen in this movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Harry departs, Beth walks up to his friend Joe. The coveralled pair exchanges a meaningful look.] Crow: Two zips and we're naked!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Of Suzy's dimwitted, pliable paramour, Frankie...] Crow: He's like an idiot savant - minus the savant.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Suzy: Well, Frankie, are you chicken? Mike [as Frankie]: Uh, let me see... am I a chicken? Well I don't have a comb, or a gizzard, but sometimes I do ingest gravel to grind my food and my - uh...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Suzy and Frankie sneak into the hangar, where white skydiving helmets peek out between folded chutes.] Mike: Oh, no! The skydivers have been laying their huge eggs!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The crowd applauds as the night divers arrive to board their plane.] Mike: This isn't The Right Stuff; it's just... some stuff.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A middle-aged man in a plane aims a rifle at Suzy and Frankie as they flee in their car.] Mike [as Man]: [muttering] I see me a hippie. [shouting] Getcher hair cut, hippie! Not so "groovy", is it?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joe, in his energy-less delivery, says goodbye to the widowed Beth.] Crow: A stranger comes to town, touches nobody's life, and leaves. . . . Mike [as Beth]: Now I can do what I really want to! Which is, uh... I'm not sure. Heh. What color is my parachute?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A guitarist resembles Ralph Fiennes] Mike: Hey, it's Amon Göth on guitar! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A plane starts taxiing the runway.] Crow [as pilot]: Ah, Roger, tower, which way is the sky?
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the opening title] Crow: Young man's fancy crinkle-cut potatoes.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Judy primps in front of a mirror.] Crow [as Judy]: There. Now I look like Mom. Mike [as Judy]: Thank goodness for my electric dress!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The phone rings as Judy and her mom serve lunch to the boys.] Crow: Hey, the electric phone!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mrs. Adams demonstrates the whirring electric dishwasher to Alex.] Mrs. Adams: There. Nothing to it. Servo: AND IT'S QUIET, TOO!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Judy walks around the kitchen, rattling an eggbeater in an empty bowl to try and get Alex's attention.] Crow: Um, has anybody noticed that the daughter is psychotic?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Judy, pretending her mixer doesn't work, opens the kitchen door slightly to get Alex's attention from the next room.] Servo [as Judy]: [coughs] OH DEAR! Judy: Oh, me! Servo: [laughing] Did I call that?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Alex plugs in Judy's mixer.] Alex: There we are. Mike [as Alex]: God, you're dumb.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Judy gazes adoringly at Alex as he explains the benefit of the electric kitchen appliances.] Mike: Judy: Beyond Thundersquishy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex: I thought, maybe . . . how'd you like to go dancing? Judy: Dancing? Oh, Alex, how dreamy! Crow: [begins whimpering and panting like an excited puppy]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the closing credits] Servo: This film was brought to you by the Nerd Council. Support your local nerd! Mike: And a generous grant from the Mom Corporation. The incredible power of Mom.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Zoom to close-up of back of Paula's head, then dissolve to same back of head] Mike: Ladies and gentlemen, your screenwriter: Ed Wood.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After character gets shot in the classroom by police] Mike: She died like she lived... failing algebra.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Police car is searching for the girl gang] Mike [as a cop]: You said you knew where the chase was! Crow [as a cop]: No, you said you knew where it was! Mike [as a cop]: Well, I never!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: Some people think that newspapers exaggerate juvenile crime... Mike: We don't! Can we go?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Due to an ion storm, Dr. Forrester and TV's Frank have switched places with Mike and the Bots. They enter the theater.] TV's Frank: Aren't you gonna carry me into the theater? Dr. Forrester: Frank, you're getting too big for that! TV's Frank: Aw, it's my favorite part!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the beginning credits, two men are fighting.] Frank: You lost the last of the wild horses, you dink! . . . [The credits identify Albert Glasser as the film's score composer.] Forrester: Ah, Albert Glasser, the man who straps you down and pummels you with music!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the barn fight, Duke knocks Riley over into the hay.] Mike [as Riley]: Ooh! Found the needle!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Duke and Riley tumble out of the loft and hit the floor of the barn.] Servo: I fought the loft and the loft won.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As a rocket blows up a large white target on a barren hillside.] Crow: Ah, Christo's latest installa - oh good.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Is your face odd? Misshapen? Join the Air Force.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lt. Lyons pulls up to the curb at his new base, his blonde wife in the convertible's passenger seat.] Crow [as Lyons]: Alright, Dave... why don't ya get outta the wig, and into your uniform? Servo [as Lyons]: Honey, just wait in the car until my tour of duty is done.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Major Stevens briefs the colonel on newcomer Witkowski's natural flying talent.] Col. Hunt: Do you know, flying a plane is like making love? Crow [as Maj. Stevens]: Uh, you have to pay?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: [as a missile is flying towards a rectangular target] Welcome to the Rainbow Gathering! Peace is possible in our lifeti-- [the missile then blows up the target] Oooh!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mike notices something inscribed on the side of a plane's cockpit.] Mike: "Lt. Hebe"? Look at that... Servo: It says "Lift Here". Mike: Oh.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike [as Crashed Pilot]: Oh, it was pretty rough, man, I had to eat a lizard and drink my urine! Servo [as Rescuer]: You were only here for ten minutes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: So basically, according to themselves, the Air Force is a bunch of leather-faced, not-so-bright, heavy drinking, dull-witted speed freaks who poop in their pants and can't make it with women, right? Mike: Um... Servo: Am I right? Mike: Yeah. That is correct.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Young Don's clothes are all in a pile on his bedroom floor.] Narrator: Uh-oh! That's no way to treat your clothes! Mike [as Don]: But that's how they treat me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mildred's clothes are strewn all across her room.] Narrator: Oh Mildred, look at your clothes! Why, that's as bad as Don was! Servo: Don Was? The producer?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the behest of the narrator, little Mildred puts away her clothes at high speed.] Servo [as Henry Higgins]: Why can't a woman be more like a man? Mike: In the '50s, people responded well to authoritative disembodied voices. Crow: The fun never stops when you're clean and tidy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The narrator instructs Mildred on brushing her hair.] Narrator: Brush, and brush, and brush - at least 100 strokes. Mike [as Narrator]: Just keep brushing and brushing and saying the name of our Lord and Savior!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[The film opens with a woman, wearing only a bra and slip, running frantically down a road.] Mike: She must be one of Senator Packwood's aides.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mike and the bots enter the theater. The logo for Universal Studios Productions, similar to the movie studio's logo at the time, is seen over a drum fanfare.] Mike: Hey, watch out for Mountain Sized Meteor Park. [The logo fades.] Servo: Hey, big friggin' deal!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title San Francisco International appears on-screen.] Mike: [singing] San Francisco International Airport! Where the big b-actors roar!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A jetliner makes an emergency landing safely.] Servo: Terror at... uh, sea level.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: So convenient to have a Hostage Inn right near the airport.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Katie Barrett]: Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned: I have rubbed Pernell's toupee all over my naked body!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[An man with a gun, disguised as a priest, appears onscreen] Mike: There's a New Testament in town!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Davey the obnoxious teenager has just landed after stealing a light plane, talked down by Pernell Roberts.] Crow [as Pernell]: Davey, let me introduce you to these federal agents. They are what you young people call "bad asses."
tv-mst3k	love	tv-quote	general	0	[The screen shows: "Are You Ready for Marriage?"] Mike: Um... yeah, I'm sick of sex, anyway.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Hall brings out the "marriage board".] Crow: Bobby Orr's Electric Marriage! Real Marriage Action!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Establishing shot of the institutional-looking church] Servo: Visit your government church! Mike: First Federal Church, member FDIC.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film opens with women wrestling to the sound of foley-added screaming.] Crow: Is there a midway nearby? . . . Mike: Hey, it's that one woman in the front row making all the noise! Crow [as usher]: Ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to settle down.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Close-up shot of two main characters watching the action.] Servo: Ah, another sellout crowd.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scalli: Hey, Joe! Servo [as Scalli]: Where you going with that gun in your hand?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Peaches works out on a rowing machine, continually thrusting her huge breasts into the camera.] Crow: [nervously] I'm being turned on by a woman who is long dead!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Five minutes before the movie ends, music finally appears on the soundtrack] Crow: Music?! Why here? Why now? WHY US?!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A crippled Ilya sits at the window, gazing at Vilya] Mike [as Ilya]: Man, she's a fox.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[We see a large banquet taking place] Crow [as man]: It might just be the wine, Lars, but you're a pretty man... Servo [as man]: Sven, no! You mustn't!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Vilya presents her magic tablecloth to Ilya, who is quite pleased.] Ilya: Now you must rest from your labors, my busy little wife. Servo [as Ilya]: Let us the nasty do.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans slowly over a recent battlefield, the bodies being pecked by carrion birds] Crow: Crows! My brethren! See what a grand and noble creature they are? Servo: [doubtfully] Uh huh...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Little Falcon stares into Ilya's ring, seeing himself as a child with his mother.] Little Falcon: It is as though in a vision... I see my mother! [He turns to face Ilya] Crow [as Little Falcon]: Mom!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[In an ethereal office space, devilish Red and angelic Whitey make a wager on Joe, a bread salesman.] Mike: They're operating under a different theology.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Red is explaining the details of his plan] Red: Say a young woman goes down there and berates the way he does business...? Crow [as Red]: Say I'm starring in Forever Plaid!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Dudley: [explaining his work philosophy] The two most important things a bread salesman needs is this [taps head] and this. [taps inventory book] Crow: A hat and a pad.
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Dudley: [explaining his work philosophy] That's why I keep these bull-eye's handy, so that a small slip-up doesn't turn into a big trip-up. Mike: Make sure you stock your truck up, so that you don't ... well, you know...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie opens with a close-up of Marv speaking to someone off-screen.] Mike: He has a haunting ugliness.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the opening title] Mike: The Potsie story.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The narrator is describing appropriate clothing while a shady-looking man dresses.] Narrator: Be sure to wear a clean shirt... Crow: Be sure to get a brand-new chin. Narrator: ...and your favorite tie. Servo: Now you're ready to rub out Sonny Corleone!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A person does the "knee test," where he puts his palms on his knees and swivels them] Narrator: ...You will look poised and dignified. Mike: Uh, no you won't. . . . Crow: Don't do this during the speech.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A train conductor appears, looking very old and decrepit. Mike realizes that the actor portraying him is...] Mike: John Carradine! Crow: Was he always a hundred years old?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Young journalist Jim Benton is talking to train conductor Wilson (John Carradine).] Servo: Kid looks like a reporter from the Catholic Digest.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Close-up of John Carradine smoking a cigarette...] Servo: [deep voice] John Carradine for Viceroy. [Close-up of young Jim smoking...] Crow: [lisping] Sal Mineo for Viceroy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A heavy-set, stubble-haired Coleman Francis appears running from cops, identified by credits as the star] Mike [as Announcer]: Coleman Francis is Curly Howard, in The Fugitive! Servo [as Curly Howard]: Hey, Moe!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A truck heads down the highway with convict runaway Griffin stowed away in the back.] Mike: [singing to the Eagles' "Take It Easy"] Runnin' down the road, tryin' to loosen my load I got Coleman Francis on my mind.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While "Cherokee Jack" flies over some snow covered mountains...] Mike: Hey, I see some soccer players down there...
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Griffin (played by Coleman Francis) and the rest of the Cuban invasion force are captured by Castro's forces.] Mike [as Cuban Soldier]: The Yankees will pay highly for you, Señor Francis.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The antiheroes make some purchases at a seedy-looking mom-and-pop store while some inappropriately cheerful music plays on the soundtrack.] Mike [as Store Clerk]: Would you like a video? We have some super-violent, Asian, triple-X cartoons!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: What country is this taking place in? Mike: Europe.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of a group of men walking down a hallway] Mike: They really have captured the grandeur of white guys walking in herds.
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart Fargo attacks one of the evil henchmen and grabs him by the throat.] Bart Fargo: You're the one who knows everything... Mike [as Fargo]: Who's God?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A couple of henchmen burst into Lucille's apartment looking for Bart Fargo.] Henchman: We're looking for a man. Mike [as Henchman]: Are you him? Lucille: My word, so am I! Let me know if you find an extra one. Servo [as Henchman]: I think you know what I meant!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart Fargo's car skids off the road, over a cliff, and into the sea; however, the effect is clearly achieved by someone simply rolling a toy car off a rock into the water.] Servo: Hot Wheels! Crow: Some little boy is going to be very upset.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Bart Fargo repeatedly slaps an assassin in the face.] Servo [as Assassin/Mulwray]: My sister! My daughter! My sister! My daughter!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Bart Fargo's partner is gunned down, the movie's catchy, upbeat "Ba-pa-da-pa-da-da" theme music starts up again.] Servo: This isn't appropriate right now, his friend is dying over there! [beat] Servo: But it's nice. Mike: It is nice, yeah. [Crow laughs.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Bart Fargo IS... Hard to - watch.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Bart Fargo. Bartfargobartfargobartfargobartfargo... Heh, that's hard!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben Franklin: You receive two dollars every week as an allowance from your father... Mike [as Franklin]: ...James Joyce. Ben Franklin: ...something quite unheard of in my day. Crow: Fathers?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Closing shot of Franklin's image on a half-dollar] Mike: Benjamin Franklin was tried in the Eighth circuit court on stalking charges; in a minute, the results of that trial. [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short opens with scenes quickly flashing on screen.] Crow: Whoa, I'm having a freak-out up to ten years later!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: An American Democracy... Servo [as Narrator]: Would be really great.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Year-round sun makes this island a vacation paradise. Crow: And very hard to sleep!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Building into the clear-blue sky, the island is on the move. Mike: Hawaii? Crow: No, an island!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shots of a school are shown.] Narrator: Bilingual schools. Mike [as Narrator]: Bisexual students.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short's title is first mentioned by the narrator over the main theme.] Crow: Oh. When did they change the name? Servo: A Quinn Martin production. Mike, Crow, Servo: [as the music ends] PUERTO RICO!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A land the size of Rhode Island, it is just as American in its way of life. Crow [as Narrator]: So you might as well just stay where you are.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of a Burger King...] Servo: Ah, indigenous cuisine!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over quick shots] Mike: With this, and this, and that!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of cash being given to an anonymous hand] Crow: Here, money is exchanged for coconuts.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Students are shown at college.] Mike: Latka Gravas goes to class. Crow [as Latka]: Thank you veddy much.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: It's Room Dos-Dos-Dos!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of an airplane landing, in the midst of a soundtrack that consists mostly of blaring horns...] Mike [as Narrator]: Here, we're flying in another trumpet section.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the next piece of background music] Crow: Okay, let's get funky now.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: For the visitor, Progress Island offers a tremendous variety of experiences, beginning with the rich and colorful heritage of the Caribbean. Crow [as Narrator]: ...which we buried in order to build skyscrapers. Mike [as Narrator]: Look, just come here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Another piece of background music ends.] Mike, Crow, Servo: PROGRESS!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A piece of background music ends over a shot of a roulette game in progress.] Mike, Crow, Servo: GAMBLING!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Condominiums, leisure villages, and a complete range of outdoor activities make Progress Island an ideal place to live for every member of the family. Servo: Except Mom, Dad, Brother, Sister, Grandpa, Grandma...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[After a normal piece of music is heard, a better piece of background music begins to play.] Crow: Hit me! Narrator: A band concert under warm, tropical skies. Crow: The music of John Phillips Salsa.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: It has formed a continuing pattern of progress that started more of a quarter of a century ago. [The background music ends, and we fade to another scene.] Mike, Crow, Servo: A CENTURY AGO!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over shots of tropical flowers.] Narrator: Hibiscus and bougainvillea flourish throughout the year. Mike: As do puppincolakaplookey and flingulahlaylahflinglulalah.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of cows grazing.] Crow [as Narrator]: Here are some moo cows.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of front of Digital building, with a flying saucer-like in the foreground.] Crow: Why, even aliens from Mars are here!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Shots of Puerto Ricans working on electronic equipment.] Narrator: A skilled workforce makes Puerto Rico the largest manufacturer of many computers, and a leader in solid-state technology. [Focus on an old-fashioned computer.] Mike: Things with blinky buttony-type things.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short ends with the shots seen in the opening again.] Crow: Okay, we'll move there! Servo: Can you dig it? Can you dig it? Can you dig it? Can you dig it?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the short's closing screen] Mike [as Narrator]: We would like to apologize to all the people of Puerto Rico that we did not offend.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening credits roll over footage of a beaten-down shack in the middle of the desert.] Mike: Get off my land, you credits!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The credits reveal the film's "special guest star", Tor Johnson as the titular beast.] Servo: Ah. Huh, I figured Tor Johnson would play the Butler. Mike: Tor Johnson as the Beast, that's just smart casting.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a chase scene.] Servo: Beautiful, just beautiful. ... Off-camera excitement the Coleman Francis way.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Kenneth Branagh's Mary Shelley's Bram Stoker's Wes Craven's Tim Burton's Beast of Yucca Flats. A Francis Ford Coppola film.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Flag on the moon. How'd it get there? Mike: These are all just random sentences, folks.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Touch a button, things happen. Mike: ...Uh, sometimes.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Joseph Javorsky. Crow [as Narrator]: Rootie patootie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A woman's purse... a man murdered... and footprints on the wasteland. Mike: His limericks aren't very good...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Vacation time. Crow [as Narrator]: So... goodbye. Narrator: People travel east, west... north or south. Servo: And some people just burrow straight down, I guess.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of the mountain...] Narrator: To get to the top... a man needs an airplane. Crow [as Narrator]: Or a giant pogo stick. Narrator: Jump from a plane, land at the top. Mike [as Narrator]: Or a helicopter would do. Did I say "Flag on the moon" yet?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as Narrator]: Jaworski, Ron Jaworski. Played quarterback for the Eagles.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A man is chased by a light plane.] Servo: Ahh, bit of a ripoff? Mike: Coleman steals from only the best!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A man murdered, a woman's purse. Servo: A thin plot, endlessly restated.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Narrator]: Father Mackenzie, darning his socks in the night when there's nobody there.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as Narrator]: Now would be a good time for some phrases... A woman's purse. Flag on the moon. A man murdered. ...I'll check back in a moment.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of a car driving through the desert] Crow [as Narrator]: The beast put a hundred down and bought an old Studebaker.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as the Beast]: Why, why can't I get a baked potato before five in this town?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The beast, finding his victims gone, unleashes his fury. Mike [as the Beast]: Ah, fudge!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Angels' fight sequences are accompanied by cartoonish boinks and bops.] Servo: Okay, sound by Hanna-Barbera, fine.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: That's it. I'm just givin' in and lookin' at the breasts!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In one host segment, Crow convinces the others to dress in Blaxploitation-esque outfits.] Crow: I'm telling you, Mike! "Chocolate Jones and the Temple of Funk" is going to be boffo box office!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the camera zooms in on one of the Angels' behinds.] Crow: Hey, you're giving away the plot!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Drug dealer Sticks, with his boss Farrell watching, beats up a kid who stole from him] Farrell: Hey dummy, don't hurt him too bad. Servo [as Farrell]: He's our only customer.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Michelle sings "Shine Your Love" in a casino lounge.] Crow [as Diner]: How's about someone shine my steak over here?! . . . Mike: You know, back in the '70s, you could take an abstract concept like shining your love and just go with it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: Women can make a difference. Crow: Ahh, the director wrote that so he could get laid.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The musical score apes Also sprach Zarathustra as the Angels' combat van appears.] Servo: [singing] Vaguely Strauss, but notttt!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Terry: I've got an idea. [The scene cuts to a woman posing in a bikini] Servo: What a great idea!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Angels' monster van crashes through the gate of the camp.] Crow: It's the T & A-Team!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The bikini-clad Angels are beating the crap out of drug runners on the beach, accompanied by goofy, unrealistic sound effects.] Mike: Right now, Benny Hill is smiling down from heaven.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Keiko hits a captive drug dealer in the crotch with her sword.] Crow: It's Dworkinfest '78!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[One of Burke's guard dogs threatens his henchman Farrell (Jack Palance).] Crow [as Farrell/Palance]: Oh, no! He saw City Slickers II.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short about industrial accidents opens with a quote: "The days of our years are three score and ten..." - Psalm 90:10.] Mike: So, we have 70 days in each year?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend: Every day I'm reminded of the things that happened to the people that weren't even there. Crow: Oh, sure - HUH?
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[The pastor talked earlier about how all his parishioners are "accident-haters". We see a shot of a sad little girl sitting on the steps of a church immediately following a funeral.] Crow [as Little Girl]: [guiltily] I didn't hate accidents enough...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Waitress and bride-to-be Helen looks dreamily at her distorted reflection in a toaster.] Mike [as Reflection]: [gravelly voice] Come over to this side! Crow [as Reflection]: [eerily] Obey the toaster!
tv-mst3k	love	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: [on Joe's fiance Helen] She was the kind of girl who'd be happy just being "Mrs. Joe". Mike: So his name is Joe Joe?
tv-mst3k	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Helen's daydream progresses to her marriage.] Narrator: She was a clever dreamer, so she arranged for little Joe to be there to keep her from getting lonesome when Daddy was away. Crow: Speaking of accidents...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: [noticing a theme] So the main causes of accidents are joy, sex, and old age?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: [during funeral sequence] Then there was Lenny, who wouldn't be going to college that fall... Crow: [curtly] ...because he's DUMB!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Old man George Price closes his house curtains during funeral sequence.] Tom [as George]: Boring! Crow [as George]: [as he shuts the curtains] There, my problem went away.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: [on the frailty of time] A minor accident may take a few days away, a major one a few years... Mike: A disastrous one would be cool to watch!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the reverend stands on his porch looking solemn, a train slowly rolls through the frame.] Crow [as director]: Hey, we're tryin' to film here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Hayley Mills in The Amazing Trans-PARENT Trap!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: [singing along to the music] He's amazing and amusing, he's delicious and nutritious, two for breakfast, one for...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krenner: Would you prepare one of your subjects for the ray treatment, Doctor. We must impress Mr. Faust with the end result of your highly-acclaimed scientific labors. Mike [as Dr. Ulof]: You want me to make him a sandwich, in other words.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The guinea pig begins to disappear.] Crow: Oh, he's with the William Morris Agency.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krenner: Keep your eye on the guinea pig. Servo: [singing] Keep your eyeeeee on the guinea pig!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Amazing Transparent Man Joey Faust begins to turn invisible.] Mike [as Faust]: I'll be right back right after this.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Remember, they're vampire women, so get ready with the Cher jokes.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[We see an ominous castle in a deserted forest.] Crow: Last night I dreamt I went to El Manderley again.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Inside a spooky, cobwebby mansion, an owl surveys the room and blinks.] Crow [as Owl]: ¡Qui! ¡Qui! [N] . . . [The camera zooms in on a dessicated woman's corpse in a casket.] Crow: Let the Cher jokes...begin. Servo: Hey, it looks like Cher! Heh heh heh...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Vampire priestess Tandra calls on the goddess Selene, changing from her withered form to a hottie.] Servo: Another successful José Eber makeover. Crow [as Tandra]: I'm pretty, so I have value now.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A well-to-do couple exits a nightclub. A valet hands them their car keys.] Crow [as Woman]: We had a really Hispanic time! Thank you! [N] Servo: Ah, the entire Mexican middle class.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The gang enters the theater as the title is shown.] Servo: Ah, how many times Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie had sex!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cheerful music is heard during the short's opening credits.] Crow: [singing] Springtime for Hitler and Germany!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short starts with a vision of heaven.] Crow [as Ricky Ricardo]: Lucy, I'm dead!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wilbur gets tangled up in a TV antenna.] Servo: Hey, now they'll get immaculate reception!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a wide shot of the living room] Mike: They live in a doll house! Crow: You know, they should fire Grandma as their decorator.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The short's overly perky couple dance about the room with enormous smiles.] Mike: Honey, I can't stop smiling, I'm in hell!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the couple prance around their home to a lush orchestral accompaniment.] Mike: [unimpressed] Meanwhile soldiers are dying in the mud in North Korea...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Jeff]: Here's how far I've gotten: LA!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wilbur the fey angel sprinkles fairy dust on Jeff & Mary's house.] Crow [as Male Neighbor]: Uh, honey, izzat a gay man on the Johnsons' roof? Servo [as Female Neighbor]: Should we get a gay man for our roof, honey?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The composer husband Jeff finally begins to find his tune.] Mike: [singing along] Everybody was... kung fu fighting, yeah!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An invisible Wilbur is playing the piano as the couple dances.] Crow: Welcome to Shakey's! [The camera zooms in on his glasses on the piano.] Mike: [gasps] Elton John was here!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: This would make a great companion movie with Eraserhead.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends] Mike [as announcer]: The following scene contains graphic sexual content. Servo: Wait a minute... what the hell was that about, anyway?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The scientists are examining Johnny's corpse.] Dr. Wyman: No skin discoloration. Temperature feels normal. Mike [as Wyman]: Well, let's give him more time to die.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Wyman: I've never seen an internally damaged body with no sign of rigor mortis after so long. Mike [as Wyman]: And I love it!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dave is fiddling with the radio as Donna watches.] Dave: Will you go out and ask Steve to come in here a minute? Tom Servo [as Donna]: Okay. STEEEEEEEEEEEEVE! Mike [as Dave]: I could have done that...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dave hears something.] Dave: Steve? Mike: Not everyone is Steve!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Steve, Julie, and Dr. Wyman are examining Johnny's body. Donna enters.] Crow [as Donna]: Um, have you guys seen my brush? Donna: Steve. Mike [as Julie]: Yes? Tom Servo [as Dr. Wyman]: Yes? Crow [as Steve]: Yes?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Dave is attacked, the rest of the scientists rush to the scene.] Tom Servo: And the Steves are there! Crow: Steve One, you go that way. Steve Two, come with me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The older scientist peers under a microscope and is stunned by what he sees.] Servo: Oh god... I'm pregnant!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Dr. Wyman views the strange egg-like alien cells in the body's blood.] Mike [as Dr. Wyman]: What I'm about to say may sound strange, but I think we should eat this corpse.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After it's revealed that alien embryos have been implanted inside Major Corcoran's body] Crow: This is still a better movie than Junior.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The photographer Donna is staring at a photo she took of the satellite crash.] Donna: Here's something to complicate things even more. Crow: I took these upside down!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Steve enters in from the lab.] Steve: They're gone. Crow [as Steve]: My brownies are gone!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Hard to trust somebody not named Steve.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The scientists are making their way down a steep hill.] Crow: Carry me. Tom Servo: Shut up. Crow: Carry me! Tom Servo: Shut up. Crow: CARRY ME! Tom Servo: Shut up! Crow: Unnnnnnh...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the short's title screen.] Crow: The Bill Clinton Story! Servo: The chicken of tomorrow in a deadly battle against the chicken of today!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a dedication in the opening credits] Crow: Dedicated to the chickens who lost their lives in the great chicken war. Mike: Wait a minute! Men and women breeding better poultry? What kind of sick experiment is this?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: After all these years, whether the chicken or the egg came first is still the subject of a lot of good-natured debate. Servo: [chuckling] No, it isn't.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A flock of chickens is hastily gathered around a feeding trough. One of them is actually standing in the trough.] Servo [as chicken]: Betty, must you sit in dinner?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And one large and small farms everywhere, the search for a better chicken goes on. Servo: There it is! No wait, there!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A worker puts trays inside the incubator.] Narrator: The temperature is kept at 99 degrees to approximate the body heat of the hens. Crow [as Narrator]: And this fellow. . . . Narrator: This one unit holds 85,000 eggs. Servo: And one bathroom for all of them.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as baby chick]: Hey guys, it's God!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Sexing the chicks, or separating the males from the females, is a highly specialized trade. Servo: Yeah, for pervs! [A farmer inspects one of the chicks] Crow [as farmer]: Whoa, Milton Berle there...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The truck carrying baby chicks is driving very slowly.] Narrator: Nevertheless, speed is essential and it's here that the motor truck plays a big part in poultry raising. Crow [as Narrator]: I said, "Speed is ESSENTIAL"!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the truck drives as the scene fades.] Mike: That guy's escaping disguised as a chicken! [the next scene fades in] Crow: Chickens!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two girls are feeding baby chicks.] Mike [as girl]: How many are you sitting on? Crow [as girl]: Dad went a little nuts this Easter.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Their immediate destination after leaving the incubator... Servo [as Narrator]: Broadway! Narrator: ...is the brooder house. Mike [as Narrator]: Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: From now on, their main job in life is to eat and grow. Servo: [singing] Eat and grow forever...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The narrator has talked about keeping paper on the floor to cover litter.] Narrator: After the first few days, the paper can be removed. Crow: Except for the sports section.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of chickens eating] Servo [as chicken]: Heavens, I'm so fat. I just look at chicken feed and I gain weight. Crow [as chicken]: Does this taste funny to you?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On spacing range shelters to avoid chickens wandering off] Narrator: You know how chickens are. Servo: Yeah, they own everything.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Remember the old henhouse? Servo: The one with the rats? Narrator: It's now a hotel... a pullet hotel. Mike: Rooms by the hour.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a group of chickens in the henhouse] Crow [as chicken]: Open your hymnals to number 325. . . . Tom [as chicken]: Everybody! Soylent Green is made from chickens!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the trap nest, which is basically a chicken cage that can't be opened on the inside] Mike: There's no point; it's just funny!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: ...and this is a good place to point out a few facts about eggs. Mike [as Narrator]: Stop throwing them at my car!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Narrator talks about cooling eggs and moisture.] Mike [as Narrator]: So put your mouth under a chicken. . . . Crow [as Narrator]: Lick your eggs, or have a friend lick them.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a worker put seed in a feeding trough] Crow [as worker]: There's your appetizer, ladies, I'll be back to get your drink order.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[After the narrator has explained the egg collecting process at great length] Mike: Eggs are complicated; they should cost like a hundred dollars each.
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Showing a comparison of chickens as meat producers] Mike: It's Goofus and Gallant. . . . Crow: This could be your drumstick. This is the number to call.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: But it's your pocketbook that profits most when you send this bird to market. [The next scene fades in] Mike [as Narrator]: We bring you now to market.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the short ends, a truck seems to move by itself.] Crow: There's no driver! The chickens are taking over!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	["Creeper" Hal Moffett sneaks into the apartment of blind Helen Paige, as usual seated at her piano.] Servo [as Moffett]: Uh... look, Helen. Other girls in the sorority asked me to talk to you about your incessant piano playing.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A cop opens the door and looks at an empty bedroom] Crow [as Cop]: [with exaggerated Irish accent] All right, show's over, nothin' fer me to see here. I'll just be about my business then...
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Moffet examines the groceries that were delivered to him.] Mike [as Moffet]: They forgot my Fruit Brute cereal!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [observing the number 23 painted above the Creeper's hideout] Hey, it's KTMA!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Helen: Hal? Hal? Hal? Servo [as Helen]: Open the pod bay doors, Hal.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A newspaper headline reads "Philanthropist laid to rest".] Servo: Ah, look at that. "Philanthropist laid." It's always the philanthropists... rock stars and philanthropists.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[over a closeup of the Creeper's face] Crow: Hey fella, why the long face? Mike: Now, come on... Crow: [laughing] I'm sorry, I couldn't... Mike: I begged you not to do that! Crow: I know... Servo: That hurts.
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: He can't decide if he's a creeper, a peeper, a stalker, a walker, a backbreaker... Crow: In today's job market, you can't afford not to diversify.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Creeper slowly climbs the ladder of a fire escape.] Crow: Ladies and gentlemen! In the center ring, the Creeper will now attempt the high...thing. [Mike and Servo both crack up.]
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: [annoyed] Why didn't they just call this movie The Creeper? Brute Man, pah...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: A Producer's Releasing Corporation reminding you, don't fear the creeper.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the title screen] Mike: Hey, where's the umlaut? Servo: Oh, these guys are, like, warriors from Hell!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker has a very 80's style haircut] Mike: Well, they missed on haircuts by roughly twelve hundred years.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker is stick fighting on a log, with a hint of an accent of some sort.] Crow: Let's see how long THESE accents last!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker's friend who looks like Michael McDonald is getting ready to attack.] Servo [as Michael McDonald character]: We're taking it to the streets!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker gets shot down by a princess after saying something rude to her.] Crow: Well, it looks like I'm boxing the clown again tonight!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A warrior runs at Deathstalker, brandishing his sword wildly.] Servo [as warrior]: Duh-huh, kill! Huh huh... [As he lunges, the warrior gets caught in a trap that leaves him dangling by his leg from a tree.] Crow: Whoa! He set that thing for pheasants; that was lucky!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Troxartis: [haltingly, overacting] This has. Nothingtodowith. Being RICH. Servo [as Troxartis]: I put the. Beatsinmyown. Script and I'm. Sticking WITH them.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[An eagle flies overhead making a very odd, synthesizer-like squawk.] Crow: You know, it's a lot of things, but it's not a bird sound. [Deathstalker looks up at the eagle strangely.] Servo [as Deathstalker]: I just heard an eagle meow!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker gets up from Khorsa and Marinda's potatoes-only feast inside their rough house.] Khorsa: You sleep in the barn! Servo [as Deathstalker]: This isn't the barn?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as Khorsa]: [addressing the Warriors from Hell] Excuse me, Mr. Moose? Mike [as the Warriors from Hell]: We're bats, ma'am. Squeak. Squeak. Squeak.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Warriors from Hell burst through the door of Khorsa's cabin.] Crow: [singing] We're the knights of the round table!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker approaches a horse and throws a shaggy blue-gray object over its back.] Mike: Oh no, he made a saddle out of Grover!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker sneaks around Troxartis' castle, encountering few obstacles along the way.] Mike: This movie is like playing Doom when there's no monsters or opponents.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deathstalker: ...Now here he is, drinking wine and chasing women. Mike: Spo-dee o-dee.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: This is one of the most ambitiously bad movies we have ever done.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A large mob of people (who have never been seen before this point in in the movie) attack Troxartis' castle; several of them scurry up a ladder over the top of the wall.] Mike [as attacker]: Remember, top rung not to be used as a step! Crow [as attacker]: Who are we?!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the climactic battle, Marinda lies dying in Deathstalker's arms.] Marinda: I love you! Servo: Quick! Jam a potato in the wound! Crow [as Marinda]: You were my first... tuber.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker's friend who looks like Michael McDonald is comforting him after losing Marinda.] Servo [as Michael McDonald character]: She came from somewhere back in your long ago. Mike [as Deathstalker]: Look, just shut up.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as army]: We're still fighting bravely for our vague goal!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A man gives Deathstalker a sympathetic look after Marinda has died] Mike [as the man]: Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Deathstalker leaves the kingdom, and everyone is cheering.] Mike [as a member of the crowd]: He's leaving! Our long national nightmare is over!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the SOL, Mike has been hit in the face by a crazy pitch from Servo.] Crow: Mike, now say "I was born on a pirate ship." Mike: I was born on a pile of... Hey!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Mike and the Bots enter the theater, the logo for American International Pictures (a circle with shapes inside that are supposed to represent the letters "a" and "i" together) appears.] Mike: [chuckling] "Round Guy With Surfboard" International.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the movie's title screen] Mike: The George Hamilton Story.
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	[Less than a minute after liftoff, one of the astronauts announces "Saturn clear."] Crow: Boy, they got to Saturn fast! Mike: It's all freeways now.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Astronaut: I.M.U., ready to launch. Crow: You are not me, stop saying that!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ted Nelson is making soup, and grabs the hot part of the pot by mistake.] Ted Nelson: AADGKA! Servo: Ah, aadgka, of course.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[General Perry is helping himself to the Nelsons' leftovers in their kitchen.] Mike: This man is a brilliant tactician.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie keeps cutting back to Judy asleep in her bed.] Mike: Couldn't they just put "ibid." up on the screen?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: You guys know, is there a credible melting man?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[All the principal characters are dead or a melted pile of glop, but the film continues nonetheless.] Servo: What could there possibly be to wrap up? Everybody's dead! Mike: Well now the movie has to mop up after itself.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A janitor puts Steve West's melted remains into a garbage can.] Crow: [almost cracking up] So, how many monster movies end with a janitor scooping the monster into a garbage can?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As the gang enters the theater, the famous Samuel Goldwyn logo appears.] Mike: Hey, why is John Madden signing Samuel Goldwyn's signature? Crow: Samuel Goldwyn, Father of the Constitution.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Loudspeaker: Isolate area P-6. Crow: And we have a Bingo! Hold your cards, please.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Several jumpsuit-clad stormtroopers run out of building about to be demolished.] Crow [as Trooper]: [terrified] Gary saw a silverfish! Aaaahh!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a team of stormtroopers raid a building, one stands nearby, next to a sign.] Servo [as Stormtrooper]: Hang on Earl, I gotta read this sign here: "Leave the Bronx". Well, gee.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A man and a woman are heard yelling at each other in their apartment] Servo: They're rehearsing a David Mamet play in there.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Reporter Moon Grey tries to expose Clark's plot.] Crow: A fascist Italian? Come on!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moon Grey: [being dragged from a press conference] ...and the GC Corporation sucks! [The other reporters whirl around towards President Clark] Mike [as Reporter]: Is that true? Do you suck?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Bronx's residents are being led into vans marked "Desinfestation Annihilation Squad"] Crow: [chuckles] I think they blew their cover here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Trash escapes from his parents' apartment only to be almost blown up in a stairwell.] Crow [as Trash]: D'oh, the Bronx is something which I should have left!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A heavy steel ladder hangs dangerously above an unconscious Trash] Servo: Ah. The ladder of Damocles. Crow: Yeah, so far his greatest adversary is a ladder.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A mine goes off underneath two of President Clark's bodyguards] Mike [as Bodyguard]: Oh what did you step in!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Disinfesters jump out of a van.] Servo [as Disinfester]: Hi! Kill us! [They get shot.] Servo [as Disinfester]: Thank you!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As Trash blows up a van] Mike [as DJ]: Alright, we're here in the KROQ Supervan giving out a - [The van explodes. Crow screams.] Servo [as Trash]: Hey, rats. That was my van!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the film ends, a crane shot shows dozens of bodies sprawled around burning ruins.] Mike: Cleanup in Borough Five!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The credits display: "Laserblast".] Crow: Terrible name for laser eye surgery... scares away the customers.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After a scene with the aliens, followed by an unrelated scene with Billy's mother leaving for Acapulco, the film fades to another seemingly unrelated shot of a van driving along the road.] Mike: Well, now on to movie three!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Twenty minutes into the movie, and nothing important has happened. Billy is hanging around a gas station.] Servo: So, let's recap the movie so far: somebody went to Acapulco, and somebody almost bought gas.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Billy gleefully blasts away at shrubs and sand with said cannon.] Mike [as Billy]: Yeah... I think you are gonna detail my van for seventy-five dollars!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Kathy sits by Billy's van, waiting for Billy to arrive.] Mike: ...So we're watching someone waiting for someone. Servo: There's a point where it stops being a movie!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kathy: Gee, Billy...if only you were more ordinary. Mike: More ordinary? Man, he'd have to work at that.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A cake is brought out at the pool party, causing an overexcited reaction from the partygoers] Crow: Teens love their cake pool party!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Billy's and girlfriend Kathy's hands are shown roving over each other's exposed skin in an intimate moment between the two while Mike and the 'bots express their repulsion.] Crow: This movie means two things to me: sheet cake and back fat!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Universal International credit appears on screen, as well as a globe-like Earth] Crow: It's the nicest weather Earth has ever had! Mike: Notice how big Japan is?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Universal International credit appears on screen] Mike: Isn't the fact that it's Universal make it International?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	["This Island Earth" appears on the screen] Servo: This Island Earth can be yours if The Price is Right!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[during the opening credits] Crow: Boy, the universe is really cruisin'! Servo: Hey, there's Taurus the bull! Mike: And over there's the Constellation Feces. Crow: Oh, look. Orion is bankrupt.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: When in California, be sure to visit beautiful... [The words "Washington, D.C." appear on screen] Servo: ...oh. Crow: [as golf announcer] It's a long, Par 5 on the way to the nation's capital. Mike: Washingtonland, the new Disney theme park!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans over a shot of a snow-capped mountain range.] Servo: Oh jeez, there's soccer teams laying all over the place!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Meacham's plane, engines out, is coasting in to a crash landing when it is suddenly suffused with a mysterious green glow.] Mike [as Meacham]: Suddenly I have a refreshing mint flavor. Servo: Early LSD tests in the Air Force.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joe running towards the Jeep] Crow: Into the Weenie Mobile! WEENIE MAN AWAY!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Here's something my wife could use around the house. Crow: A man?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meacham: This isn't paper. It's some sort of metal. Crow [as Joe]: No, sir. That's paper!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Meacham and Joe have just upacked the parts to the Interocitor.] Tom Servo: But before unpacking - D'OH!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meacham: There are 2,486 parts. [Joe is stepping around the spread out Interocitor parts. Crow makes a loud crunching sound.] Crow [as Joe]: Uh, 485, sir! [As Joe walks around the parts, Crow keeps making crunching noises with every step Joe takes.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Where do we start? Meacham: Right here. [points towards strange symbol on blueprint.] Mike [as Meacham]: At Goofy Clown Face!
tv-mst3k	family	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: You know what my kids would say... Mike: [interrupting] "You're not my real father!" Joe: "Dig this crazy, mixed-up plumbing!" Meacham: Plug it in, Joe. Mike: Doesn't even have any kids. Poor, deluded Joe.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Exeter: My name is Exeter. Mike [as Exeter]: Doug Exeter.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Meacham pushes a microphone-like Geiger counter probe toward the interocitor wreckage.] Mike [as Meacham]: Now that you've exploded, any words for our listeners?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brack enters the scene] Mike: Hey, Charlie Rich! Crow: He goes through a lot of Brylcreem. [Brack enters the elevator, looking sternly at Meacham and Adams.] Mike [as Adams]: Don't mention his head.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Exeter: Dr. Meacham! Good morning! Meacham: Good morning. Exeter: Please, come in. Both of you. Servo [as Exeter]: We're glad you could join us at the Buddy Ebsen society!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carlson: Dr. Adams. Ruth: Yes Steve? Mike [as Carlson]: What's this "and the rest" crap?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Meacham: What I want to know is... Exeter: [interrupting] Who we are.... why we're here. Servo [as Exeter]: And why I have a picture of a burger on the wall.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Adams: Be careful. Exeter could flatter you to death. Exeter: The truth is never flattering, Dr. Adams. Servo [as Exeter]: You fine, foxy lady!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Meacham, Adams, and Carlson looking at sketches of Exeter and Brack] Carlson: Did you notice the peculiar indentations in both of their foreheads? Servo: [sarcastically] NO!!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: So, they're going to escape under the cover of afternoon in the biggest car in the county?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Meacham, Adams, and Carlson dive down a road at high speeds.] Crow: Ness and his men speed towards Capone's hideout!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Three Metalunans are seen in the conversion tubes.] Crow: Ladies and gentlemen, A Flock of Seagulls.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Exeter: That's enough. Normal view. Mike, Servo, and Crow: [singing in time with the dramatic music] Nor-mal view. Nor-mal view! Nor-mal view! NOR-MAL VIEWWWWWW!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Exeter: [to the Mutant] Stand back. I command you, STAND BACK! Servo: ACTING! Crow [as Exeter]: Well, that went well. I can't possibly think of what could go... [The Mutant attacks Exeter, Crow mimicks screams of pain]
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Exeter: RUTH! MEACHAM! Servo [as Exeter]: I LOVE YOU! Meacham: [picks up boulder] Stand back, Exeter! Exeter: Meacham, please! You have to believe me! Mike [as Exeter]: You're holding a Mutant turd!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Meacham starts beating on the Mutant's exposed brain] Crow [as the Mutant]: OH, I'M VERY VULNERABLE THERE! OH, THERE GOES THE PIANO LESSONS! OH, NOW I CAN'T REMEMBER MY DAD!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Ruth]: Oh, Carl. Servo [as Meacham]: Uh, Cal. Crow [as Ruth]: ... oh, Cal. Ruth: Home... Meacham: Thank God it's still here. Crow: And Friday!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [talking about the Puppet Wrangler credit for Mystery Science Theater 3000] "Puppet Wrangler"? There weren't any puppets in this movie!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The name "Rando Schmook" appears in the credits] Mike: Hey, it's the Amazing Rando! Servo: Watch Rando the Great construct sets with his very mind! Crow [as Rando]: Now, we've never met before, have we?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The name "Julie Walker" appears] Crow: Julie Walker: Texas Ranger.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Credit for Eastman Film.] Servo: Eastman: He came out of the east to do battle with the Amazing Rando!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Credits end with "all rights reserved"] Mike: All rights are reserved, Callahan! Crow [as Clint Eastwood]: Oh yeah? Well, what about the rights of that little girl?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The intrepid explorers explode dynamite all over the lagoon to stun the Creature into surfacing.] Servo: Ah, ha-ha! The Charlton Heston Fish Locator.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Think anybody at the Rockefeller Foundation questioned the dynamite line-item?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Gill Man makes his somewhat grand appearance, swimming through the lagoon.] Mike [as The Gill Man]: [In time with the dramatic music] Here I am! I'm the Creature! Servo: Boy, Esther Williams didn't age well.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A young Clint Eastwood has a cameo.] Crow: This guy's bad. This is his first and last movie.
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	[Trainer Miss Abbott is working with a chimp named Neil.] Miss Abbott: Now, turn around, Neil. Turn around. Turn around. Sit down. All - right. Servo [as Miss Abbott]: And... evolve.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Spectators watch as the Gill-Man is brought into the Ocean Harbor aquarium.] Crow [as a New Yorker]: Does he got a thing?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the attempts to revive the creature at the aquarium drag on.] Crow: Everybody's drifting over to the "World of Barnacles" exhibit.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Scientists Clete and Helen are testing the Gill-Man's intelligence, which for some reason involves the liberal use of a cattle prod.] Servo: Jeez, the Mengele Institute for Marine Research!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Regarding the splotchy pattern behind the movie's opening titles]: Crow: It's a Rorschach test. Mike: I see a lot of spilled ink congealing in random patterns. Servo: That means you're a sexual predator.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Nurse Sally listens as Old Malla explains to endocrinologist Paul Talbot how she's lived past 140.] Malla: When we are alone, I will speak. Crow [as Dr. Talbot]: Well, we kinda are alone. Nursie isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The jungle explorers trudge through stage sets of Africa, interspersed with stock footage of jungle animals.] Crow [as Guide]: Well, we'd better camp here tonight. The next stock footage is 18 miles away.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A stock-footage lion approaches the party, who raise their guns in fear.] Crow [as Lion]: Um... hakuna matata? . . . [The party finds a small, empty shipping crate in a clearing.] Servo: I see - it's a three room Japanese apartment.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lawyer Neil proposes to Teri, who's wearing a silvery dress.] Neil: Teri... would you marry me? [Teri pulls away.] Mike [as Neil]: Uh... uh... I withdraw the question. Teri: Oh, Neil - I can't. Servo [as Teri]: Starfleet forbids it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During one of the many "African" scenes.] Mike: Sadly, this tribe of extras no longer exists.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A hard-boiled detective lazily investigates the house.] Crow: This guy's gonna die of nonchalance.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: This is like a murderous episode of Lucy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening credits scroll out of a huge crater] Mike: Mt. Pinatubo erupted yesterday, spewing movie credits all over the Southern Hemisphere.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Bentley and his crew find a suitable camping site on the summit of Mt. Kuitara] Bentley: We'll make camp here! Crow T. Robot: Then we'll dig our graves over there!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: For every action... Mike [as Narrator]: There is a Jackson.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans by Greenland on a map.] Crow: You know what? Screw you Greenland!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A volcano erupts.] Servo [as the Menard's Guy]: It's a magma flow of savings at Menard's!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A museum guard salutes Dr. Jackson] Mike: Uh, you don't need to salute the paleontologist.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A Corporal at the Arctic base acts like he's having a nervous breakdown after Marge Blaine appears.] Crow: Yeah, I think this guy's familiar with dishonorable discharge.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The rather effeminate-looking General Ford explains to the media that the mantis is real] General Ford: I want to say at the outset that, contrary to rumor and certain newspaper headlines... Crow [as Ford]: I'm not gay!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Col. Parkman]: But I've got a mantis in my pantis.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Are we in the Southern portion of the Galaxy?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie opens with the title: The Thing That Couldn't Die.] Servo: The Strom Thurmond Story! Mike: Couldn't die or wouldn't die? Crow: Shouldn't?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Linda puts the found watch up against her ear.] Mike [as Linda]: The rats put in a new crystal! Linda: It still runs. Servo [as John Cameron Swayze]: John Cameron Trade-Rat.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Later, Gordon gives Linda a charm he found near the watch.] Gordon: Here, I polished this for you. We found it in the trade rat's nest. Mike [as Gordon]: He had a little tool and die shop down there. Servo [as Gordon]: I think I got most of the rat droppings off it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Flavia hears a noise outside the window.] Flavia: What's that? Crow: Eh, it's just those trade rats working the night shift.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Boyd the ranch hand slouches around.] Crow: [singing] There's a thick yellow stain on my back brace!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The final shot of the movie, a zoom in on Jessica's necklace and cleavage, fills the screen.] Crow: The whole movie was leading up to this shot. Mike [as Announcer]: Brought to you by the Breast Council. Servo [as Announcer]: Buy breasts where you work or bank!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A fire is being used as a background for the opening credits.] Crow: Fire in the projection room! Guess we can't watch the movie! [Crow darts toward the exit but is restrained by Mike.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie opens with a flamboyant Satan speaking to the viewers.] Mike: Satan, the Prince of Cabaret. . . . Mike: This guy was never in heaven, he was cast out of community theater!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A knight demands to look inside a coffin in a coach being pulled by a gravedigger.] Servo [as Knight]: Towest thy vehicle to the curb and showeth me thy driver's license and registration. Did thou knowest how fast thou was driving?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Quintus sets upon and subdues an unprepared knight.] Mike [as Knight]: [in stilted "medieval" grammar that parodies the knight's own dialogue] Me help! Attacked I am being! Hitting me stop you must! God dear! Bleeding am I! Break my leg think I did you!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: I've never known more about what isn't going on in a movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Quintus: STAAY!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Claire: I thought scientists were great explorers of the unknown. Dr. Hedges: I'll do my exploring in the laboratory, if you don't mind. Servo [as Hedges]: I get my kicks above the waistline, sunshine! [N]
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: All these random scenes simply abut each other to form a movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the creek bottom, Bob Hedges finds the chest containing the dead cat.] Mike: Hey! They whacked Toonces! Crow: Well, he killed a made canary, so they had to do 'im.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Erling: Think, Bob. Throughout human history, what has been the first activity of explorers of any new region? Crow [as Hedges]: Genocide? Mike [as Hedges]: Slavery? Servo [as Hedges]: Diseased blanket spreading?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Victor packs a suitcase and leaves the house] Crow [as Victor/Joe Buck]: I'm goin' to the city to be a stud. Mike: Please! That's a hideous thought.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: This is the same sumptuously detailed set that was later used in The Age of Innocence! Crow: Or was it Sense and Sensibility? Mike: I think it was Barfly. Crow: Yeah, that's it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the carnival, Lombardi talks about his assistant Andrea with Johnny the barker.] Barker Johnny: I knew her when she was a carnival follower. Every time we'd hit a town, she'd be there, waiting for us. Servo: So she's a carnival preceder.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Erickson chats with Andrea, who noticeably fills out her tight-fitting top.] Erickson: Maybe we could talk about it over a cup of coffee. Andrea: I'd like that. Servo [as Erickson]: Would you like a C cup or a D cup of coffee?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lombardi forces King the dog to back away simply by staring at him.] Lombardi: There aren't many who can control an animal by hypnosis, are there, Doctor? Erickson: No. Lombardi: He did what I told him without a single word. Mike: That's because he's a dog!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Dr. Erickson looks out over the beach, large flipper-like footprints appear mysteriously in the sand.] Servo: [gasps] Donald Duck has the Ring of Power! ... Crow: Frodo goes snorkling!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A poster for Dr. Lombardi's show features a picture of him, serious and unsmiling] Mike: See his lecture series, "Let A Smile Be Your Calling Card."
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Michael Landon's name appears in the opening credits] Mike: [singing to the Bonanza theme] We got a film, and it's starring Michael Landon...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A crowd of "teens" watch the fight] Mike: And the 35-year-old high school students look on.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tony, played by Michael Landon, has just punched someone. His friends look on in shock] Mike [as Tony]: But I thought I had a right to pick a little fight, Bonanza.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tony takes Arlene home in his sweet ride of a 1950s convertible.] Crow: If I were a bug, I'd be proud to smash into that grill. Yep.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tony has finished yelling at Arlene for asking an innocent question] Mike [as Arlene]: ...and I like you because...? Tony: I'm sorry, Arlene. I don't know why I act like this. Crow [as Arlene]: Because you're a jerk?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Does just walking through it make you want to kill yourself? Then it's a high school!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The werewolf approaches a high school gymnast as she practices.] Crow: Time for your compulsory Being-Eaten routine! . . . [The dark-haired gymnast screams in terror.] Crow: Judy Garland runs out of pills.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The werewolf prowls the woods during an amazingly bright night.] Servo: Well, they couldn't shoot at night because the night belongs to Michelob. Mike: I thought the night belonged to love. Servo: Yeah, it did, but it was bought out by Michelob.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[First lines of the movie] Man: Sheriff! Sheriff [Played by Alan Hale, Jr.]: Hey, little buddy! [Mike and the 'bots cheer]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo, Mike, or Crow[As various people in the mob]: Packers!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After seeing Dan's car, with its Ford lettering facing the camera.] Crow: Like a Rock! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A visibly shaken Dan stumbles back into the kitchen after discovering a mutilated corpse in the backyard.] Ev: You look like you could use a drink. Servo [as Ev]: And a shower, and a job. Dan: I found another body... Mike [as Ev]: Well, good, 'cause yours is gettin' kinda gross.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As yet another unappealing rural Wisconsinite is harrassed by a giant spider.] Mike: I'm starting to wish that the South would rise again and crush the North.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ev opens a dresser drawer and an assortment of puppet spiders pop their legs out of the drawer.] Mike [as Spiders]: We're your dirty socks! Wash us! Crow: Giant Puppet Invasion!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Drs. Vance and Langer climb a hill, only to discover the giant spider, its spindly, furry legs akimbo.] Servo [as Spider]: Please - consider my legs when cleaning your pipe!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A restless mob begins to form with the intent of taking out the giant spider.] Crow [as a mob member]: Free Bobby Seale! Servo [as a mob member]: Free Mumia! Mike [as a mob member]: Free beer!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Voices are heard whispering and muttering.] Crow: Mike, I think the voices in my head are a little louder than usual.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[The crowd cheers wildly at Senator Knight's campaign rally.] Mike: Hooray for the '70s! Crow: Shaun Cassidy for President! Servo: We want Billy Beer!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title card reads 'parts: the clonus horror'] Crow: Apparently e. e. cummings wrote it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two bare-chested male clones are competing in Greco-Roman wrestling.] Servo [as Guide]: This is not sanctioned, gentlemen. You are doing this on your own...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Clones Lena and Richard chat by a campfire.] Lena: I like it. It gives me time to write. Richard: Write? Lena: Yeah, I write my thoughts and my ideas. Crow [as Lena]: I've already filled a Post-it note.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Clones Lena and Richard wake up the next morning after a night of sex and, thanks to camera positioning, it looks like Richard's crotch is smoking.] Crow: Wow, she really WAS on top of Ol' Smokey!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jake: This place you keep talking about, Clonus... Servo [as Jake]: Is there a bar? . . . Jake: Professor, you know that tape will blow the lid off of everything? Crow [as Jake]: Speaking of, where's the bathroom?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Rick Knight confronts his brother Jeff about an incriminating videotape.] Rick: You knew about the tape, didn't you? Jeff: Yeah. You saw the tape? Rick: Yeah, and it's scary. Crow [as Rick]: Adam Sandler's in it.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As the movie's closing credits scroll, Servo riffs on Peter Graves's brother James Arness.] Servo [as Peter Graves]: "James Arness: Ugly and Stupid". Tonight on Biography.
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[Lounging with friend Harold, Jerry rejects the idea of work.] Jerry: The world's... here to be enjoyed, not to make you depressed. That's what work does, Harold - it makes you feel... depressed. Mike: Goofus and Gallant, the movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: How's college? Madison: Fine. You should try it some time. Jerry: No thanks. The world's my college. Crow: He's taking it pass-fail.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Zebra-striped dancers move in formation to a oddly "Silent Night"-like tune.] Mike: Hair-trigger precision. They're like the Blue Angels of dancing. Servo: Yeah, one wrong move and they all crash.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The singer and dancers are performing "Shook Out of Shape". Mike and the Bots sing their own words.] Mike [as Singer]: First blade lifts, the second one cuts. You get your... Mike, Crow [as Chorus]: Schick out of shape! Servo: Now, everybody - shave!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Confused, acid-scarred Jerry is being tossed around in the surf.] Servo: [You know] how some movies inspire you to make your own movie? This one inspires me to make my own gravy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jerry and Harold discuss Jerry's girlfriend's mother] Jerry: Her mother doesn't like anything. Especially me. Harold: Well, if you get a job or something, she might change her mind, you know? Jerry: [shocked] Job? Servo [as Jerry]: I'm a respected neurosurgeon!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After seeing who played Madison] Mike: Madison is, Madison.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Title card is shown.] Servo:...could eat no...frost.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Nastenka has to knit some socks before the sun rises.] Mike: So, the first plot point involves knitting socks. I think we're in for quite a ride, guys!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As two characters command a house to turn from one side to another] Crow: Come to Knott's Berry Farm and ride the unstable house.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Russian names are on the screen.] Mike: These names are all Russian for Alan Smithee.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The camera pans to several different chickens calling.] Crow: This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast Chicken. Servo: Man, Peter must be walkin' around denyin' everybody this morning.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Ivan plays hide-and-seek with the gnomish Father Mushroom.] Mike: Frodo gets drunk and screws with his neighbors. . . . Crow: If Disappearing Elf Hide-and-seek were in the Olympics, Finland would be in great shape!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The flowers Nastenka was watering quickly grow and resemble fiber-optic cables.] Crow: The KGB has her under surveillance!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Father Mushroom disappears in a cloud of smoke.] Servo: Whoa! [I] didn't think they had many landmines left in Narnia!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The evil stepmother makes up her own daughter Marfushka to look like a Matryoshka doll.] Stepmother: Nope! Not a princess. Servo: She's got that healthy clown glow. Marfushka: Oh, no? Stepmother: You are a queen! Mike: In that you look like Freddie Mercury.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: So, the premise of this movie is that everyone is just nuttier than all get-out?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Nastenka accidentally touches Grandfather Frost's sceptre] Frost's Voice: Whoever touches my sceptre...will never wake up again. Crow: Yeah, well maybe it should be stored a little more safely!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The scruffy bandits return to seize Ivan and Nastenka.] Servo: It's... Mike: It's... Crow: It's... a convention of Michael Palin imitators! . . . Crow: It's the Seven Dwarves! Filthy, Rotting, Lousey, Skanky, Scabby, Septic and... Doc.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ivan snaps the Hunchback Fairy's broom over his knee] Hunchback Fairy: My broom! I'm a witch and I can't move without it! Crow: Well, maybe you should have diversified more!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the title appears] Mike: Hey, the Matthew Broderick story. Crow: And believe me, Death does not pony up for gas.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Ah, that gooey LA sky. Mike: Birds? Nope. All dead.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A computer monitor is flashing advanced forumlas.] Mike: The world's most difficult math test.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A character is spending the scene fiddling with his glasses] Crow: Just between the three of us, my glasses are FILTHY!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A nametag-wearing mechanic sabotages Sam's truck and watches him leave, wearing a vaguely menacing expression.] Servo [as Mechanic]: [evilly] They don't call me "Karl" for nothing.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Buffalo Bill jumps up and down, whooping and cheering excitedly.] Crow [as Buffalo Bill]: Dukes of Hazzard got renewed!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Denby and "Cupcake" Tina watch, Sam dumps unconscious Buffalo Bill out of the car and rejoins the race.] Mike [as Denby]: Cupcake! Get Twinkie the Kid and Fruitpie the Magician!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mike returns to the theater after choking Bobo within an inch of his life.] Crow: Mike, why were you choking the monkey? Mike: Because Bobo is such...HEY!!
tv-mst3k	love	tv-quote	general	0	[After a lip-lock with Adam, Ava invites him for a moonlight swim.] Ava : Are you coming, or do I swim alone? Crow [as Adam]: Yes, and yes.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Ava is hurriedly packing her suitcase, Adam enters the room] Mike: Here's the wind up.... [Adam smiles smugly to himself] Mike: ...and there's the smarm!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: He maintains an applicance. Duh-dah DA DAAAAAAAAA!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Adam faces down an oncoming plane on his motorcycle.] Mike [as Adam]: Stop! Or your propeller will grind me to hamburger! Tom: Stop! Or I'll Agent for H.A.R.M. you!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The children's family is discussing an exploration mission to space while eating dinner.] Mother: The first cosmic exploration rocket will be launched from this base. Crow: ...the dining room?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Phantom's announcement, the movie cuts to a newspaper printing press.] Crow [as Headline]: Krankor: Nothing to Worry About. Mike [as Headline]: Truman Capote Sent to Fight Krankor.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Camera focuses on the alien ship's 'periscope'.] Crow [as periscope]: I am the lemon zester of destruction!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: A rare Godzilla-free day.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[We hear a barking dog running past] Tom [As dog, with Japanese accent]: Rufforu! Bow-a-wow! [A police car drives past in the same direction] Mike: After that dog!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Prince of Space's and the Krankorians' spaceships trade cheesy beam weapon effects.] Mike: An exchange of deadly negative scratches!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A Japanese Air Force pilot reports to his CO.] CO: Ah, Captain Manikata. Come in, please. Mike [as CO]: I understand you're stuffed with cheese.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Prince of Space's ship narrowly dodges an attack, obviously being held by wires.] Mike [as Prince of Space]: Swing me over there, trusty string!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Phantom witnesses Prince of Space invading his headquarters.] Phantom: What a fool! Servo [as Phantom]: He has defeated us numerous times, what makes him think he can do it again?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [on the Prince of Space] His power apparently lies in his choosing incompetent enemies.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wally: Mr. Tannen! Hey, Mr. Tannen! Mike [as Wally]: Get out of my wine!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening titles are accompanied by surf rock] Servo: A-hehehehe! Horror! Crow: Yeah, the only horror at Party Beach is Cindy's cheese dip!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a driving scene] Mike: Nude driving: a new fad among the teens.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the "Additional Dialogue by" credit] Mike: What is "additional dialogue", anyway? Crow: Oh, things like "Hey you!", "Get off that!", and "Why not?"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Sturgis: a city on the move!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: I bet that would be good with drawn butter. Of course, I'd eat my own *head* with drawn butter.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A man in a t-shirt and Speedo-type swimwear jumps into the frame, sickening Mike and the 'bots] Crow: Men should not have bikini areas!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Young beachgoers perform the "Zombie Stomp" dance] Mike: I'm starting to agree with the Taliban militia: dancing should not be allowed.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The guitarist of the band sings while rolling his eyes back into his head] Crow: MY SKULL!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A baggy-eyed monster with a head fin and hot-dog-like mouth protrusions emerges from behind a rock] Crow: Whoa! A creature whose face is 80% eyebag. Servo: So, radiation has a sense of humor!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	. . . [Eventually, the gang leader relents and offers Hank his hand] Mike [as Gang Leader]: You have defeated me, sir; you and your noble band of choreographers.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The monsters attack an all-girl slumber party] Mike: [They] don't even know what panties are, yet they feel compelled to raid. Servo: Every male of any species has the biological urge to panty-raid.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A grocer's sign in the background reads "Look Polish"] Mike: Wait - "Look Polish?" Servo: Huh? Mike: It's - it was right there in the shot is was somethi - see? It says "Look Polish"! Servo: "Look Polish"! Crow: Or maybe it's "Look! Polish!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Gavin, daughter Elaine, and others are examining a severed monster arm when they hear a noise] Elaine: [whispering] I hear something. Servo [as Elaine]: [whispering] He's coming! Look Polish, everyone!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: What are we looking at and why are we looking at it?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The time of day has been changing] Tom: Uh, meanwhile later yesterday afternoon, I guess ... .
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Scene: An exterior shot of a boring office building in England] Crow: Oh! "Federated Incorporated Industries Limited". Servo: Modern architecture - efficient and beauty-free. [Later in the same shot] Crow: Meanwhile, at Stifle-Joy Co....
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Mark English makes a phone call, slowly dialing a rotary phone] Servo: So, how many hours have rotary phones added to movies over the years?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On stage, ventriloquist dummy Hugo whines about wine] Hugo: I want some! Give it to me! I know what wine is! I've had wine before. I want some wine! Why shouldn't I have some wine? Mike [as Hugo]: All I want is my fair share! All I want is what's coming to me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During Vorelli's act, Hugo gets up and crosses to the refreshment table, where Vorelli is eating ham.] Crow [as Hugo]: You think he likes ham? Wait 'til you see me like ham!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[German dancer and former Vorelli assistant Mercedes tells the two reporters about the original Hugo] Mercedes: He did not move for t'ree months - just lay there and...looked at the ceiling. Then...he died. He died. Mike [as Mark]: Did he live?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Great Vorelli holding a knife looking at Hugo in the cage] The Great Vorelli: Hugo... Mike [as the Great Vorelli]: Have you been shaving your legs with this again?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Great Vorelli is seducing a woman in direct line of sight of his dummy] Mike [as Hugo]: Please cover my cage...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mark English (played by William Sylvester) is sleeping] Servo: You know, Kubrick saw this scene and said "We found our Heywood Floyd!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hugo sits in his cage while The Great Vorelli answers the door] Hugo: Attica! Attica!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Tibana examines a sample under a microscope] Tibana: So, then - the Rogi-Pani Complex. Mike: The "Roji-Panty Complex"?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo & Crow [as the Neptune Men]: HA. HA. HA. HA. Your costume is ridiculous.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Neptune Men approach Earth] Mike: Shoot at Earth all you want, just get Bill Maher.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Neptune Men demolish Tokyo] Servo [as the Japanese]: Oh, let's call our friends the Koreans! Oh, oh no - the Russians! Well, no. The Chinese! Oh, well, I guess not.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The Neptune Men endlessly strafe Tokyo] Mike: I never thought I'd say it, but suddenly Independence Day seems a richly-nuanced movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After about 20 minutes of scenes depicting the kids running around a military base] Crow: So whatever happened to Space Chef? Mike: That's "Chief." Crow: Chief Chef?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Y'know, Space Chief should try going into space sometime! Servo: Yeah, he's more like Lower-Atmosphere Chief. Mike: Barely-Off-The-Stupid-Ground Chief.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of a radar screen, as the scientists count down] Scientist: Ten, nine, eight... Crow: Yeah, yeah, right - one. Scientist: Seven, six... Crow: One! Scientist: Five, four... Crow: ONE!!!
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	[The Neptune Men's fighter ships strafe the children's car] Servo: Space Chief's off having a couple Sapporos with Jet Jaguar and Prince of Space.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[repeated line] Servo (as various characters): Did you sign Sherry's card?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[In the opening credits the movie's editors are listed one by one] Mike: Passed from editor to editor in a desperate attempt to save it!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Raiders attack the shuttlecraft, in scenes lifted from 1978's "Battlestar Galactica"] Mike: Special effects by Industrial Light and Morons.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lea, wearing a space-age leotard, runs toward the burning shuttlecraft] Crow [as Lea]: My Buns of Steel videos are in there!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of the Santa Claus-esque Commander Jansen looking worried] Servo [as Jansen]: But what of the little children and their toys?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Capt. Devers: Whoever did this knew his way around spaceships. Cmdr. Jansen: I agree. Mike [as Jensen]: I don't know if this helps, but ho ho ho.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kalgan drives into shot in a vehicle marked "ENFORCER"] Mike [as Kalgan]: Hey, you guys, I got my dad's Enforcer for the weekend!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kalgan pushes a mop-haired engineer off a railing] Mike: Oh, no, the death of Rick Springfield! Servo: I just wish I had Jessie's Giiiiiiiiiiirl!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Chief engineer MacPhearson hobbles away from a firefight] Crow [as MacPhearson]: A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Devers: [referring to another character] Sir, we both know there's only one man here who's capable of combat. A man who's had training, both physically and mentally. Commander Jansen: Alright. Crow [as Jansen]: Fetch me my warrior muumuu.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dave Ryder shakes hands with Lea's father, Cmdr. Jansen] Mike: We put our faith in Blast Hardcheese.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ryder heroically heads off to face Kalgan.] Mike: There goes a big, brave brick of meat.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lea narrowly dodges Kalgan and Ryder's incoming Enforcers] Servo: Toro! Toro! These cars are made by Toro!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: You know, a lot of people have compared this to the chariot scene in Ben-Hur? Servo: Oh? Mike: Yeah, they usually say something like, "Ben-Hur was really good. This one totally sucked."
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ryder dodges dozens of laser beams fired by Enforcers from about 20' away] Servo: Why is he so impossible to hit? Why do they keep missing the slow, giant, white thing?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Director David Winters favors us with another scene set in a possibly-abandoned boiler room] Servo: Ha ha, good, good, back to the rusting septic system of this FUTURISTIC SPACE SHIP!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[View on a vertically-mounted keyboard] Crow: Wall-mounted keyboards . . . it must be the future!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ryder and Lea kiss at the end of the film] Servo: They married and had a healthy eight-and-a-half-pound pork roast.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening title appears over a CGI computer chip] Crow: This is like NFL graphics here. Mike: [imitates the "NFL on Fox" theme song]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the movie opens, a man flies a propeller plane through some odd visual effects] Nick: Ha-ha! Nick Miller, you are a genius! Servo [as Nick]: A crop-dusting genius!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[We see Nick for the first time, as the nerdish hero gets off his plane] Crow: This... is not our star, is it? I will not accept this as our star, sorry.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[We see Nick ride his bike through a small town] Mike [as announcer]: Come on down to parallel parking days.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Nick rides to Martin's Supermarket] Mike: Come to Martin's. WHATUP?!?
tv-mst3k	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[Nick boots up his computer] Servo [as the old AOL voice]: You've got mail... pattern baldness!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Robertson arrives to meet Nick] Mike [as Robertson]: Hi, I'm Bob Evil! Robertson: Trust me. Servo [as Robertson]: Mua-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lisa arrives at the airstrip, wearing two kinds of plaid] Servo: Two kinds of plaid? Boy, I'm a naked robot, Mike, and even I know that's a fashion no-no.
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as J.K.]: I leave for 20 minutes, and EvilCo is in shambles! Crow [as Matt]: I'm a team player!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the dystopian future, an eyepatch-wearing armed survivor leaps atop a smashed car for a better shooting angle] Mike [as Gunman]: Arrgh! Sixteen men on a dead Dodge Dart!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The alarm makes a beeping noise similar to a large vehicle in reverse] Servo: Great, now the garbage truck's backing up!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Nick and Lisa are shown together in the new, dystopian future] Servo: I hope they end up together... at the bottom of a well torn apart by animals!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: The movie really heightens the lack of interest in the film. Servo: Yeah, I think - huh?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Nick and Lisa's plane crashes towards the rocky shore of a lake, the camera pans to the plane's altimeter] Servo: They're running out of Alt! [Cut to a view of the speedometer.] Eddie: And their Miffnots [MPH KNOTS] are goin' down!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Nick! Crow [as Lisa]: I was shaving this morning and got a nick! [Eddie hits Crow in the head and knocks him on the floor.] Eddie: [irritated] Get up! You're all right.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Robertson punches Nick out of the flying plane, Nick somehow manages to hang on with his palms flat against the smooth metal wing] Crow [as Nick]: Ha-ha! Unlucky for you, I secrete pine tar from my hands!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a static shot of a tree goes on for quite a while] Servo: Did the tree contribute money to the film? Why are they showing this?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The credits begin to roll; a slow, low-pitched tune comes up] Mike: Who's playing the chamber pot?! [The writer credit appears] Crow: Written? This movie was written? I don't think so.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Credits display: Mathew Bruch as Nick Miller] Servo: We serve a delicious bruch every Suh-day.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Filmed in Vermont: the other, smaller Wisconsin!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie's theme plays] Mike: And now, the news.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[New York City PBS affiliate WNET is credited] Servo: That's the New York Public TV station! What, did Pearl accidentally send us "MacNeil-Lehrer Report"?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Title card is shown] Servo: [with monotone sarcasm] Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. That is funny.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The gray-haired and fat head of NoviCorp is giving a speech during the opening credits.] Mike: Wow. TV's Frank! Servo: Wow. Frank's really come up in the world.
tv-mst3k	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Still, this is easier than reading "Wired" magazine.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of Fingal's workplace] Crow: SAT farms of the future!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal has been sent to therapy.] Mike: [on the therapist] It's Merv Griffin! Computer: Ask about his mother. Servo [as Computer]: Ask if she wears Army boots.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: So aging lesbian nuns run the future?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A shuttle passenger dashes impoverished Fingal's hopes of "doppling" into a stallion.] Fingal: I got 47 credits. What kind of a dopple do you think that buys? Shuttle Passenger: An anteater... maybe. Crow: Whoa, huge slam on anteaters out of nowhere!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[At Nirvana Village, workers pass by Fingal with "doppling" people on a tray.] Servo: Oh, look. Must be a Jack-In-The-Box in the food court.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A medico and teacher stop restless little Desirée from playing with Fingal's exposed brain, while Marco looks for more mischief.] Servo: Is it "Children of the Damned Day" at the brain institute here?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal's sleeping body is silhouetted against his identicube.] Crow: Doctor Who... the hell cares! Mike: You know, isn't it weird how life imitates art, and I'm, like, sleeping right now, too?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The "doppled" Fingal is looking at a giraffe.] Fingal: What happened to him? He looks drunk to me! Crow [as giraffe]: I'm on medication, okay?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An overhead shot of workers running around Nirvana Village trying to intercept a unauthorized communication.] Servo [as Worker]: Embassy Suites is having a free brunch! Woo!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal's identicube begins flahing red.] Crow: Must be Christmas on the Borg ship. Servo: [singing] See you on the dark side of Raul...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: You know, I hope nobody ever scrolls up this cinema.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal is talking to Pierre, a Peter Lorre lookalike.] Mike: It's Asian Pee-Wee. . . . Crow: Who's he trying to do? Jimmy Stewart? Uh, James Cagney. No, no, no, wait... John Kenneth Gaulbraith. No, no, no, Ram Jazz. Uh, Terry "Hulk" Hogan, maybe...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pierre: Everybody goes to The Place. Servo [as Co-worker]: You know, when they have to go...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During another one of Pearl's pledge breaks, Pearl has shown a clip of her signing a duet with Brain Guy.] Professor Bobo: Hey, I can sing, too! [singing off-key] And now you find yourself in '82 - [Pearl kicks him in the groin.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Fat Man enters "The Place" and sits down.] Mike [as the Fat Man]: All I can eat? The joke's on them!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a rather adult scene] Mike: Man, kids are tuning in to watch "Barney"...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal is trying to write a computer program while in the computer.] Computer: What is your access code? Crow: Where do you want to go today? All over this movie, that's where I want to go. Computer: Invalid access. Quit or retry? Servo: I'll take "Quit" for 25, Alex.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: So this is public television, huh? Suddenly I feel like beating the crap out of Fred Rogers.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Apollonia is trying to convince Fingal that he shouldn't stay a dopple] Apollonia: Dopples don't dance, they don't make love... Crow: They're Lutherans!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fingal: Shut up, Fat Man! Mike [as Fingal]: You... you anteater!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Fat Man leaves] Crow [as Fat Man]: To Wendy's!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the final confrontation scene, Fat Man pulls out a gun.] Crow [as Fat Man]: Draw... me some butter!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: People with pacemakers, do not watch Raul Julia here.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal (played by Raul Julia) finally awakes in his own body. Apollonia practically lies on him in a serious lip-lock.] Crow: Eating Raul!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fingal and Apollonia go into yet another lip-lock in this PBS TV movie.] Servo: Oh, and I guess "PBS" means "Public Boinking System", huh?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[At the end of the movie, all of Fingal's (now Rick's) co-workers are watching "Casablanca".] Crow [as co-worker]: But I hate this movie. It's on AMC every week!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The theme plays at the end.] Mike: And now the news. [Theme plays again.] Mike: That was the news.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Steiner turns on the projecting machine, making numerous high-pitched sci-fi noises] Man: What's he doing? Crow: Oh, he's just doing his patented incredibly-annoying sound effect routine!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Virtually identical re-creation of projection scene.] Crow: Yes! It's the same thing you've seen before! Only it's...happening again!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A thief goes looking for his accomplice Gloria.] Thief: Gloria? Mike [as Thief]: G-L-O-R-I-A? Thief: Gloria! Servo [as Thief]: In excelsis Deo! Thief: Gloria! Crow [as Thief]: I hear they got your number.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Police are investigating Latham's murder.] Inspector Davis: Can I get on? Servo: [as Dr. Mitchel] Well, he's dead, but knock yourself out.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over footage of an atomic bomb test] Crow: Grandpa tried to use the microwave again. Mike: Pat Buchanan's first day as President.
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	[After losing much of his oxygen during a space walk, Frank Chapman stumbles back into the ship's cockpit in a daze.] Servo [as Chapman, sickly]: Ohh, I'm gonna puke and it's gonna float around!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Chapman is confused by Eden's explanation of how his ship was landed.] Chapman: I don't understand. Sessom: There are many things you will not understand here... Crow [as Sessom]: ...being an obvious doorknob.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Chapman is being tried while two women stand off to the side] Servo: Look! Rose and Valerie, screaming from the gallery!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Liara tells Chapman that Rheton's different atmosphere caused him to shrink.] Liara: You see, oxygen in your atmosphere would restore you immediately to your regular size. Crow: So people are just balloons?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: You know, this is almost as good as 2001... nails driven into your eyes!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[During another flashback sequence...] Crow: We didn't like these scenes the first time! . . . [The flashback includes a moment that only happened a few scenes earlier.] Crow: No fair! You can't flash back to stuff we saw ten seconds ago!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The rescue ship flies away from Rheton] Chapman: Now they'll never believe me... Mike [as Chapman]: [Unemotionally] I'll have to kill them all.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kobras: Sometimes there is more truth in legend than in history. Mike [as Kobras]: And there's more salt in ham than in turkey.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jane: You can't hide this! Kobras: Who is to prevent me? Servo: A halfway smart guy with muscles and hair?
tv-mst3k	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[A man is hurled out an office building window.] Mike: We're downsizing, Steve!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A newspaper headline is shown reading "Fourth American killed in a few days. Will there be other victims?"] Crow: Call our 900 number and vote.
tv-mst3k	science	tv-quote	general	0	Jane: So, dinosaurs died out because they forgot how to love each other. Is that right? Servo: In a wrong kind of way, yeah.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vadinho: My name is Vadinho. Crow [as Vadinho]: I'm an onion.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tony punches through an attic roof, which crumbles easily.] Mike: Luckily they made their house out of peanut brittle. Crow: So basically a mild rain could take out that roof.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: [Singing to the Puma Man theme music] Puma Man! He flies like a moron!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Aztec priest Vadinho advises "Puma Man" Tony on his flying powers.] Vadinho: You do not fly, but your mind does. Crow [as Tony]: Yeah, thanks, Castaneda.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kobras: Get moving. Comb the area. Find him. Kill him. Crow: Donald's only use for the word "comb".
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As he prepares to use his teleportation power, Tony tosses his cloak back in a rather flamboyant gesture.]] Servo: Prepare the Effeminate Mobile!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In his mansion, Kobras waxes eloquent about his world domination plans.] Kobras: When the world is mine, I alone will decide whether it is to be war or peace! Life or death! Servo [as Kobras]: Stuffing or potatoes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kobras: Because you come from Earth... Servo [as Kobras]: Corn grows in you. Kobras: And to Earth you shall return! Mike: Huh? That was an odd thing to say, even for him.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The bad guys, having examined Tony's inert body, drive off. Tony comes out of his trance.] Vadinho: You've succeeded! They think you're dead, and now they will leave you alone. Mike: To be left alone - the goal of every great hero!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Tony is nowhere to be seen, Vadinho beats the snot out of Kobras' henchmen.] Crow: So, basically, the hero is this guy. I think it's time we all face that fact!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Vadinho has gone aboard the alien space craft and it goes off into the sun set.] Mike: And we hear the dim cry of an anal probe.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A group is sweeping in the sand during an archaeological dig in the desert.] Billy: Hey, I got something here! Crow: It's Ron!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Yuri breaks into a massive brawl with the other archaeologists.] Crow: Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Archaeologists! . . . Crow: It's a production of Road House in the Park. . . . Mike: And during the fight, they stomped all over the Ark of the Covenant.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Noel: At the risk of sounding nuts... Crow [as Noel]: I've replaced my toes with grapes.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of the moon] Servo [as moon]: Oh, I ate too much - I am a full moon! Mike: I am gonna hit you so hard...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of a poor-looking werewolf running through the woods.] Servo: No, wait! It's a gorilla! [Close up of poor-looking werewolf mask.] Servo: ...With a dog mask on!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Paul and Natalie make eye contact at a party.] Servo: I see some really stupid children being born as a result of these two meeting.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Noel takes Yuri outside after Yuri drunkenly hits on Natalie.] Noel: Yuri! What the hell is the matter with you? Crow [as Noel]: You are married to me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At a party, writer Paul chats with archaeologist Natalie.] Paul: I'm actually working on something now. Natalie: Really? What's the subject matter? Crow [as Paul]: You're right. The subject doesn't matter at all! Mike: Heh, good one!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After slaughtering tenses and mispronouncing werewolf multiple times, Natalie walks in and sees Paul as a werewolf.] Mike [as Natalie]: Paul, you is a wahrwilf!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A paunchy man in a black leather jacket is seen at the pool hall.] Crow: Chubby Ramone!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Paul, having completely transformed into a werewolf, approaches Sam.] Sam: Werewolf? Crow [as Paul]: No, I'm a squirrel monkey; OF COURSE I'm a werewolf, you...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Near the end of the film, a door slams in the background] Crow: Oh, that was the sound of the director giving up and leaving.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening credits are shown against scenes of a swarm of honeybees.] Crow: They named every bee? This is gonna take forever...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Slender British rock band The Birds (not the more famous Byrds) perform a song.] Crow: [singing] Eight... miles... wrong! . . . Servo: Guys, just skip the music and go right to the heroin.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A car pulls up in front of a very hairy-looking tree.] Crow: Hey, they're growing Bill the Cat!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hargrove is sitting down at the pub] Hargrove: Morning, David. Hawkins: Good morning, Mr. Hargrove. What can I get you? Hargrove: Oh, the usual. Servo: 9 A.M., why so late? Hargrove: Make it a double, will you? Crow: Alright, now we're in England. Mike: Andy Capp: The Movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Chain-smoker Mary Hargrove pours gasoline on her husband's beehives, tossing Doris aside when she tries to interfere.] Mike: Wow! Look at her go! I didn't realize cigarettes had so many vitamins!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[After Vicki passes out from exhaustion during her solo, the music is still playing on the reel-to-reel, with her voice still singing as well.] Crow: She still lip-syncs better than Jewel.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Vicki's feverish nightmare includes a shot of Tess, barking as bees swarm over her] Mike [as Tess]: Avenge me! Ruff!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While Vicki is waiting at Manfred's home, Hargrove brings him the rest of her luggage.] Mike [as Hargrove]: If you're looking for her panties I'm already wearing the good ones.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Moments after Vicki drops a flaming log on Manfred's carpet, his entire house is engulfed in flames.] Crow: The house was made of typing paper and oily rags.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the opening credits, we see: Century 21 Calling.] Mike: Oh! They want their little gold jacket back.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A monorail is moving through Seattle over the opening credits] Crow: Oh, these monorail designers - they have a one-track mind. Mike: Why do you lash out like that? Crow: I don't know.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of the Space Needle over a soundtrack of organ music.] Servo: The only bathroom in the fair is up there. Crow: Well, I'm glad to know the future has CONSTANT ORGAN MUSIC!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Nerdy guy pauses a moment to look at marquee with ladies' legs.] Crow [as nerdy girl]: Oh, come on! You're gay and you know it!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Mike notices a sign that says "Gifts From Germany."] Mike: Gifts From Germany? What's that? Braunschweiger, cars with heaters that don't work, and identification papers?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the 1962 Seattle World's Fair, we see a science exhibit entitled How Do Animals Learn?] Crow [as Man]: "How Do Animals Learn?" Well, as long as they learn to taste good, I don't really care.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A lady at the How Do Animals Learn? exhibit thrusts a bird into the face of a nerdy kid at the fair.] Mike [as lady]: Here, you're a geek. Why don't you bite the head off this bird?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A little girl phones her grandmother.] Grandma: Hello? Little Girl: Hello, Grandma? Crow [as little girl]: Where's my money?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: ...And in the future there will still be a two dollar surcharge for using this service despite the technology having proliferated EVERYWHERE ON THE PLANET!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Remind me to never be a child.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Outside the cave, the kids stare at a shaft of light descending from the sky.] Crow [as Bud]: [mesmerized] Yes - I will take money from my dad's wallet and send it to Soupy Sales.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tim flees from his violent, drunken stepfather (played by Russell Johnson), but is finally caught.] Crow: Whooh. Imagine having your butt whooped by "And The Rest"!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Project head Dr. Wahrman confronts Brewster about the space blob.] Dr. Wahrman: And what does it look like? Crow [as Brewster]: Well, it's got a good personality...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Can you catch a venereal disease from a movie?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A man in a gray uniform walks along with a loud crunching.] Mike: What, has he got Pringles in his shoes? Servo: Proof that janitors walk upright!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dennis opens the vault door.] Mike: Burgess Meredith is inside reading.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[McCreedy closes the bank-like vault door after Dennis is killed inside.] Servo [as Announcer]: Member, FDI-Murder! Crow [as Announcer]: Death guaranteed for up to 50,000 die! [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The pre-credits sequence ends and the titles begin.] Servo: Hey, the end credits! Well, it was a terrible movie. At least it was short! Mike: These are the beginning credits! Servo: Oh, well, then kill me, please?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	A surveillance monitor shows black-and-white footage of a slow-moving robber.] Mike: It's some guy sneaking around like a silent film villain! Servo: [singing] Take on me...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Daphne: [singing to "Everybody Have Fun Tonight"] Everybody have sex tonight! Servo: Everybody throw up tonight. Crow: Ironically, no one in the band Wang Chung had sex that night.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	McCreedy: But... I warned... Those creatures... The vault... I tried... Servo: Sentence fragments. Just phrases.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Can we make it a rule that, in the future, films have to be made by filmmakers?
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: [singing along to generic '80s synth music] It's the '80s! Do a lot of coke and vote for Ronald Reagan!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Hobgoblins form up together] Servo: Meet the Hobgoblins: Frankie, Sniffles, Bounce-Bounce, and the Claw.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Daphne and Nick step out of his van after having conspicuous sex in it.] Servo: Ugh! They made love in their Chevy van and that is not alright with me!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Mild-mannered assistant security guard Kevin goes looking for a would-be robber.] Crow: So, did the ad for the job read, "Wanted: whiny, halfwit coward"?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kevin shoots a gun into the air] Crow: Oh, great! You just shot down Air Force One, you dope!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The screen shows the name of star Tom Bartlet] Servo: The king of the Wisconsin Dells finally gets a movie.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	McCreedy: Did I ever tell you what I did during the war? Kevin: No, what? Crow [as McCreedy]: Shot off my toe and got out!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A farmer is walking his cow into a barn.] Farmer: Mercy, if... if you'd come in like the rest of them... Servo: Mercy? Farmer: ...there wouldn't be all this... this chasing. Mike [as Mercy]: Yeah, milk me.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The farmer is repeatedly stabbed with a pitchfork.] Mike: The American Gothic people take revenge. . . . [Fade to table of people laughing] Crow: [as if one of them were telling the last scene like a story] And then he died! [all laugh]
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Emby Mellay? That's not a name, it's a bad Scrabble hand.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a shot of the forest] Mike: [singing] But the trees can't hide their feelings if they like the way they're made... Crow: [stern] Mike, stop it now. Mike: ...Sorry.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A police car passes the car Jody is driving] Mike [as Barney Fife]: I'm telling you, Andy, there was a demon in the car!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the general store, Melissa's total comes to $8.89] Crow: She gives him $15.55 just so she can get $6.66 back in change.
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Townspeople are singing "Amazing Grace", the second time it's been used in the film.] Servo: [singing along] "This song is in/ the public domain/ that's why we used it twice."
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Lucinda has just murdered a police officer with a hay hook, while Melissa tries to comfort her.] Servo [as Lucinda]: I meant to ask him in for pie; I don't know what happened!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Over the title screen] Mike: The Vice President's unimaginative campaign slogan.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A scuba diver is seen on screen.] Servo: This new "Cool Ranch" flavored scuba air isn't very good.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sam and Joe enter an old-fashioned peasant village.] Sam: Looks like they're pretty hard hit. Mike: Poor dopes, they appear every hundred years and get hit by a huge storm.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sam and Joe call McCartin's bluff about permits. He sits down, thoughtfully.] McCartin: After you load with water... you leave. Tonight! Joe: The sooner, the better! Servo [as Joe/Cheerleader]: The tighter the sweater! / The boys depend on us! Crow [as Sam/Cheerleader]: Yay!
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Gorgo is seen terrorizing a small Irish village.] Mike: Poor Irish - if they aren't being invaded by Cromwell or infested by leprechauns they've got this guy!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[A sailor sends a message back to England by Morse code.] Crow [as sailor]: Am in Ireland, send real food.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After breaking free of his nets Gorgo swings his tail at what looks like an elephant, which blows up.] Crow: I didn't know elephants exploded on impact!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the latest attack by the British military on Gorgo's mom proves ineffective.] Servo: Pacifist or not, Gandhi's gotta be chuckling right now.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sean watches Gorgo and his mother leave the blazing ruins of London and head back to the ocean] Sean: She's going back now - back to the sea. Servo [as Sean]: ...With the blood of many on her scales.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the SOL, Gypsy turned off the power for maintenance. The Bots have looted the SOL] Crow: If it goes out again, I'm grabbing my blender.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film is credited as "A Tjardus Greidanus Film".] Mike: I understand everything up to the word "A". Crow: He comes from a long line of great anuses. . . . Crow: That's an anagram for "direct to video!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the name Bharbara Egan.] Crow: That's an illegal use of a silent consonant!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the name Ron Anderson and Randy Vasseur in the opening credits.] Mike: You know what? This has the bacony smell of Canada all over it. Servo: Already.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[A card after the prologue and credits reads "Seven Years Later".] Servo: Seven years after the credits? Mike: [confused] I guess.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[One of Satoris' henchmen cuts through Troy's front door with a chainsaw.] Servo: It's open! . . . Crow [as henchman]: Can I interest you in a replacement door?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After his henchmen invade Troy's home, evil, deep-voiced Satoris strolls in.] Mike: Canadian villain Garth Vader. [N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over several establishing shots of the run-down part of town, the sound of a car engine trying and failing to turn over is heard.] Crow: Uh-oh, the town's alternator is shot.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film keeps cutting between Rowsdower's broken-down pickup, a poorly-repainted Gran Torino, and a stolen ten-speed bike.] Crow: [frustrated] I'm losing track of the crappy vehicles here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Rowsdower again tries and fails to start his truck as the engine struggles.] Mike: [imitating the engine] Rowsdower-er-er-er-er...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rowsdower: Go to hell! Crow [as Rowsdower]: Or at least Edmonton!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Rowsdower and Troy encounter Mike Pipper, a crazy old hermit, who holds them at gunpoint.] Pipper: McGreggor? Troy McGreggor? ...Thomas's son? Troy: Yeah! Did you know him? Servo [as Pipper]: Know him? He was delicious!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the final confrontation Troy picks up a rifle and shoots Satoris in the back, who slowly turns to face him.] Servo [as Satoris]: You shot me in the butt! What the hell?! You shot me IN THE BUTT!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The film's title is shown.] Servo: The story of Aleister Crappie!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Coming aboard the Seaquarium, Stella and Peter are looking for Dr. Janet.] Peter: Janet! Janet! Servo [as Peter]: Oh, sorry, I forgot. I'm nasty, Miss Jackson!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of skinny woman in bikini on raft] Servo: See the Human Lady!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Gumby]: One of my classmates died in the kiln today, mother.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom Servo: The nice thing about Gumby is that you can also use him as window caulk.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Gumby's dad Gumbo arrives at the house, where we see a cloud - actually, a piece of white fluff - stuck on the construction-paper sky.] Crow [as Weatherman]: It's a fair to partly-cottony day...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gumby's Mother: Such clever boys certainly deserve crackers with their milk! Servo: Crackers? Wow! Maybe they can have white rice later!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A robot is digging up the flower garden.] Crow [as mobster]: Gotta move this body back upstate.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A robot throws a wrench at Gumbo, which goes through him and leaves a wrench-shaped hole in his torso.] Servo: Liquid metal! [The camera cuts to Gumby's reaction.] Mike [as Gumby]: Hey, you can throw things through Dad! I'm gonna get an anvil!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Gumby's stacked mother gives a stern look at a robot who's invaded the house.] Crow [as Gumby's Mother]: That squares my breasts!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Gumbo slides down the fire truck ladder from the roof in a sitting position.] Mike [as Gumbo]: Son, I'm gunna need a can of Play-Doh to replace my butt.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A robot head hangs over a garage door with the words, "THE END".] Servo: Aah! They hung his head! Oh... Crow: Now I'm ready for years of powerful Adlerian therapy, Mike. Servo: They hung his head... oh... oh this is worse than Se7en! Mike: Hey! His bump is on the other side!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eric: Jenni, this is Mickey. Mike [as Eric]: Mickey's a wide-awake nightmare!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Jenni goes to Marian's room, grabs a skull she found in the chifforobe, and flings it out the window.] Servo: Alas, poor Yorick! She threw him well!
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Jenni pours her heart out to Reverend Snow, who looks grim.] Mike [as Rev. Snow]: Have you tried talking to your minister about this?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The face on Marian's tombstone briefly appears to morph into a skull as Eric looks at it.] Servo [as Eric]: Don't you make that skull face at me, missy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Over a long shot of Jenni sitting on her bed, not moving...] Crow: [impatient] Can we help you, movie lady? Do you need a push or something?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the greenhouse, Mickey struggles with an armful of flowerpots, dropping them as he tries to pick more up.] Crow: GET A BOX!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Jenni runs from Marian's ghost, the soundtrack has a soprano singing an erratic sequence of creepy notes.] Servo: Kiri Te Kanawa is drunk again!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Jenni, back in the house, is shrieking uncontrollably.] Crow: Oh, great! She's playing her Yoko Ono albums. Mike: I think the title was supposed to be "Screaming, semicolon, Skull".
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[There is a long scene of continuous knocking at the door] Mike: Martin Luther is nailing each thesis individually.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Eric flees to the stairs, where a skull tumbles down toward him.] Crow: Everyone knows it's Slink-skull!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: So, this movie's kind of a combination of "The Tell-Tale Heart", Blithe Spirit, and...well, a piece of lint, I guess.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The skull is throw out the window and hits the ground rolling, landing right side up.] Crow: Settled in a divot. [The skull twitches.] Servo: Woof!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Well, better than "Quest of the Delta Burke", I suppose
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Many years ago, terror stalked the land, making life harsh, unfair, and treacherous. Crow: Jimmy Carter was in office.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[David Warner appears.] Crow [as David Warner]: [apologetic] In it for the money, folks.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Afraid of Baydool, Tee runs out the door.] Pearl [as Tee]: I'll see if Bombadil has a place to crash.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tee: I was taught that those who I respect, who are wise, I should call "master". Crow [as Tee]: Right, Mr. Bater?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Baydool scares off an intruder by throwing the contents of his chamber pot at him.] Pearl: Ew, wizard whiz! Crow: Drain the wizard!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tee stops Baydool just as a hammer falls from a roof in front of them.] Servo [as Tee]: Please, hammer, don't hurt 'im!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Baydool shows Tee some blow darts.] Baydool: These will put anyone to sleep in no time. Crow: They're tiny James Michener books!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After another attack by Vultare's thugs ends in failure.] Tom: The Vikings in this movie don't vike very well.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Tee, Leonardo and Thena set off on horseback after a confusing scene of exposition.] Servo: Well, this movie has lost me. It's lost me and it's trotting off without me.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Tee and Leonardo are recaptured by the forest Prince, a noisy, loony henchman drops out of the trees in belated pursuit.] Loony Henchman: I'm com-iiiing! Mike [as The Prince]: Put a sock in it, Legolas!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tee: When in doubt, rest. Crow: You are full of crap beyond your years, kid.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tee sets up an explosive device at the mouth of the Storehouse.] Servo: Tee pities the fool who gets in his way.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Vultare is reading what appears to be Archimedes' plans for his high-tech weapon.] Servo [as Vultare]: Enjoy much scientific pleasure with magnificent operation.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[All-black-clad Soultaker walks down the a hospital hallway, blinking in and out of the picture.] Crow: Johnny Cash! Johnny Cash! Johnny Cash! Mike [as Soultaker/Cash]: [singing to "I Walk the Line"] Because you're mine, I walk the intensive care unit.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Soultaker opens up a stopwatch, which ticks a la the opening sequence to 60 Minutes.] Servo: I'm Ed Bradley... Mike: I'm Steve Kroft... Crow: I'm Lesley Stahl...
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title card swoops into view.] Servo [as Don Cornelius]: The SOUUUUUUUUUUUUULTAKER!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Natalie is getting dressed for Summerfest.] Crow: That's not Natalie, that's Tonya Harding! . . . [A grooming Natalie appraises herself in the mirror.] Crow [as Natalie/Tonya]: You're dead, Nancy Kerrigan!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[some jokes about Brad's car] Crow: Ugh, that car must reek of Arby's! . . . Mike: I'll bet whoever had that car after him never got the smell of Marlboro Lights and Hardee's out of the upholstery!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A prolonged still shot of a tree as the speeding car approaches.] Mike [as tree]: Hi. I'm a tree. Just wanted to put in a good word or two in for nature since the camera's on me. Thanks for your time.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Natalie et al have been thrown from the crashed car, and she appears dead on the ground.] Mike: She's survived by her Danskins. . . . [Natalie dizzily gets to her feet after the crash.] Servo [as Natalie/Tonya]: Whoa! Triple salchow really takes it out of you!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Soultaker bears down on Tommy in a convenience store.] Tommy: What do you want? Crow [as Soultaker/Estevez]: Do you have a phone, so I can call Martin to take over my role?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Soultaker hovers over Tommy, preparing to take his soul] The Soultaker: [ominously] It's Closing Time! Servo: Does that mean that every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At Summerfest, Tommy randomly goes up to a woman and kisses her on the lips.] Tommy: Thanks! [The woman laughs it off.] Mike [as Woman]: I just got assaulted, it's fun!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Natalie lies unconscious in a hospital bed, respirator in mouth.] Mike: [singing in Peter Frampton/talkbox voice] I wanna thank you.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Zach's friend Brad, now a Soultaker himself, is explaining the Afterlife to Zach.] Brad: You still haven't figured it out, have you, man? Crow: We have! Can we go?!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Soultaker confronts Zach at the hospital rooftop edge after a long chase scene.] Crow [as Soultaker]: Muhuhahahahaha! You're it! Soultaker: It's all over now. Servo: Oh, ho, I wish that were true!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	The movie opens with scantily clad women dancing. Servo: Ah, shouldn't we be in individual booths for this movie?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Listening to song called "Everything I Touch Turns to Gold"] Crow: What happens when you touch gold? Servo [as Michelle's drunk, dirty father]: Everything I touch turns to flies.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michelle's Father: Don't get smart with me! Michelle: I'm not getting smart! Mike [as Michelle]: I can't!
tv-mst3k	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Michelle comes out of the kitchen, crying after being yelled at by her drunken father.] Buz: What's wrong? Crow [as Michelle]: I just found out what's in the "Special Sauce!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[voice over] there goes- (voice over suddenly cuts out) Crow: You can say that ag
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Buz furtively unzips his jacket and checks the pistol tucked into his belt as he steps out of his car.] Mike [as Buz]: Wh... oh, a gun. So that was the loud report and burning sensation in my groin.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A bad cut makes Buz suddenly appear while two other characters are talking] Servo [as Buz]: I'm back! ... Mike [as Buz]: Anybody notice that I'm here now? ... Crow [as Buz]: C'mon, I just teleported here! It's impressive!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Michelle dances enthusiastically to a bongo beat at Leo's party.] Mike: She makes Elaine Benes look like a good dancer.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a bolt of lightning knocks the power out] Grandpa: Uh-oh! Crow [as Grandpa]: We better eat all the ice cream!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the dark sky, a single star flares brightly before going dim again] Servo [as the star]: [straining] Twinkle! [grunts] That's all I got.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Young Nicholas and his mother await the mysterious introduction to Merlin at his shop, where a fog creeps slowly across the floor.] Mike: Merlin sends in his trained flatulence to scout the room.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cooper and Madeline proceed to leave Merlin's shop after his warning Cooper about using any of the spells in his spellbook] Servo [as Cooper]: Look, my reviews have destroyed whole cities!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cooper has inadvertently given himself "dragon's breath" as a side effect of a summoning spell, and subsequently set his basement on fire.] Mike: Clearly, Merlin has brought good into the world!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Novice magician Cooper is force-feeding a potion to his cat Miffy with a dropper.] Servo [as Miffy]: Meow, meow... safe! Meow, meow... very safe!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Aged with magic use, Cooper infuses his cat with an evil spirit and then fire-breathes on it to stop its attacks.] Servo [as Madeline]: Honey? You okay down there? Mike [as Cooper]: Well, I got old and roasted the cat alive with my breath, but I'm fine!
tv-mst3k	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Merlin's wife Zurella orders him to retrieve the evil cymbal-monkey toy.] Merlin: Don't I get a kiss? Zurella: You'll get a lot more than that if you don't get out there and find that thing! Now, go! Mike: So, she threatened him with sex?
tv-mst3k	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[David's son is watching a Japanese cartoon on TV.] Mike: Why, here's something else Satan created: Japanimation! Servo: It's the anime version of Peter Rabbit.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[David is attempting to escape from a crack in the earth created by the evil toy monkey.] David: God help me! Servo [as God]: Sorry, Unitarian. According to you, I'm in the butterflies and the sun, and I'm just a vague, benevolent force. [muttering] You're on your own.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Merlin]: I'm going to hit the mystical can. . . . Crow [as Merlin]: Remember to believe in magic... or I'll kill you.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike [as Merlin, who is standing still nodding to himself while looking around the room]: I did a good job painting this room
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: And so, Billy, the little boy who looks just like you, went through terrible, irredeemable grief!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as the kid]: No, Grandpa Borgnine, leave light and hope for me! Please! Crow [as Grandpa Borgnine]: Get out from behind that cushion, Billy! It gets worse!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Merlin is giving Cooper sage advice.] Merlin: Heed my words.... Mike [as Merlin]: ...munch my shorts....
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cooper is "reviewing" Merlin's shop.] Cooper: Do you know who I am? I am the supreme being! Servo: Clapton? Cooper: I chew places like this up and spit them into the toilet. Mike: [laughs] Why?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Merlin is practically purring to Madeline.] Merlin: Ohh, Mrs. Cooper... Mike [as Merlin]: ...you fine!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A burglar alarm goes off, as a seedy looking man runs off into the alley.] Crow : Merlin was a thieving crack head, who fenced VCR's to feed his habit.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A kid looks at the front of Merlin's shop as the movie goes into slow motion.] Servo [as the Kid]: [slowly] Loooooooook, mommmmmmmy!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cooper is grinning at Merlin's expense.] Cooper: You really think you are Merlin, don't you? Crow [as Cooper]: My cheek-lines disagree.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Grandpa, played by Ernest Borgnine, has just finished telling his grandson the awful Merlin story that he wrote for TV] Crow [as Grandpa]: I have another script called Chinatown, but I don't like it as much.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Credits read: "A David Hue production"]. Mike: In association with Bob Tet Offensive Productions.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The opening credits identify actor Robert Z'Dar.] Servo: Oh z'no.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A homeless man is attacked and eaten by a dinosaur.] Mike: You know, this has got to be about the last thing you worry about when you're living in a dumpster.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike:Alright there should be a delay of movie penalty Servo [makes whistle sound] fifteen yards.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[from a high-angle shot, the main character throws a harpoon and clearly hits nothing, but the puppet dinosaur keels over] Crow [as Daniel Bernhardt]: So when you edit this, it's going to look like I hit him, right?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: Hey, how did you know who I was? Officer: Fred Burrows told us how he got you to give him a ride. Don't worry, you're free to go. Mike: Fred Burrows? Servo: Somebody look in your Rolodex for a Fred Burrows.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	... [Shot of the Runaway in a jail cell] Crow [as the Runaway]: Fred Burrows! Help me!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Characters are hunting dinosaurs, with incessant deep bell music] Mike: According to the bells, it's 97 o'clock.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shot of a bomb timer, counting down extremely quickly] Crow: Introducing new, faster seconds!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the Runaway fights the Cyborg, the camera cuts to Ann fidgeting nervously] Crow [as Ann]: I'm fretting. See, audience? I'm fretting.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: This isn't a real movie, it's more of a movie loaf. Mike: Yeah, it's made from real movie parts, chunked and formed.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During one of the many, many inept action scenes.] Crow: OK, my theory is that the director shot the entire movie without looking at it.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The Runaway and the Cyborg Master's fight is filled with various continuity errors, as pointed out by Mike.] Mike: Huh?? Servo: The movie that packs more "Huhs" per second!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: Everything he wanted was everything I needed... Crow [as Ann]: So neither of us actually got anything.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: I could mention that this isn't the future and it's not a war, but you know me, I don't like to complain.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: Blood waters, huh? Guess Dr. Z had a little kidney problem.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Close-up of some unidentifiable part of a fish.] Mike: Please enjoy a fish anus.
tv-mst3k	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[Mad narrator Dr. Leopold discusses how the walking catfish moves.] Narrator: Forward progress is made with a snake-like slither and a vigorous thrashing of the tail. Crow [as Narrator]: ...like Courtney Love.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Leopold the fish monster attacks a swimming beauty in a bikini.] Mike: He's a Cop-a-feel-acanth.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[INPIT agent Martha Walsh begins to strip out of her jumpsuit.] Servo: Mike, how come you don't look like this in your jumpsuit? Crow: A-are you sure you're buying the right kind of jumpsuit? Mike: Hmmm...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Servo: And the legend continues... to be not heard about, by anyone!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a scene set amongst ardent University of Arkansas football fans.] Mike: A razorback hat lacks the quiet dignity of a cheese wedge.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a subplot comes to an entirely unsatisfying end.] Servo: And so, the completely pointless stretch of movie whimpers out like a small, dying rat.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Narrator "Doc" Lockhart introduces himself and his travelling companions.] Doc: Leslie Ann Walker. All I know about her is she's a good friend of... Tanya Yazzie, my prize student. Servo [as Doc]: Prize student in that she gets Cs, but she's really cute.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike [as Lockhart]: We're goin' camping, and you're gonna watch.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Doc enters a backwater country store which has no obvious merchandise, other than a turquoise, plastic pith helmet.] Crow [as Lockhart]: Do ya'll have any turquoise, plastic pith helmets?
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Doc and party get ready to leave the backwater country store.] Servo: Ya'll like to contribute to our fund for the War against Northern Aggression?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tim is walking around shirtless] Crow: Geez, kid, do a push-up.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In a flashback scene, the Creature and a farmer stare at each other through the farmer's barn.] Mike [as the Creature]: Well, I'll be damned... farmers do exist!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shirtless Tim walks up to someone's front door.] Crow [as Tim]: Can I borrow a cup of shirt?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tanya, with long dark hair and apparently wearing no undergarments, runs through the woods.] Servo: Lucy Bra-less!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: [Over a walkie-talkie.] Tanya, do you read? Mike [as Tanya]: Third grade level!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Doc is looking at his "radar" set up in the woods as his two assistants test it out.] Crow [as Doc]: Boy, Tim's a real strong blip on my gaydar. . . . Doc: [over CB] Tim? Crow [as Tim]: Yes, Dad...I mean professor-who-is-in-no-way-my-dad-giving-me-a-role-in-his-movie?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Doc is in the woods, as Leslie watches for the creature on the radar back at base camp.] Leslie: [over the walkie-talkie] He's close to you! Doc: My left or my right? Servo: Well, which way are you facing, idiot?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Doc finishes narrating as his group begins walking up some stairs to Crenshaw's place.] Mike [as Doc]: I put Tim in the front of the line to absorb the first hail of bullets.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During one of Johnny Longbow's long-winded monologues, thunder rumbles in the distance.] Crow [as God]: Stop talking, Johnny Longbone(sic)!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A meteor has just landed right by Paul and Kathy.] Kathy: Paul, are you alright? What happened? Servo: She gets off the ground saying, "What happened?" a lot.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Paul zeroes in on Kathy's face for a smooch.] Servo [as Paul]: Let me explain by auguring my tongue into your mouth.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Paul rises after fainting.] Paul: I guess I blacked out. Mike: Um, excuse me, you African-Americaned out.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As a shirtless Paul roams at night, the camera cuts to a shot of the moon and zooms in.] Crow: Tha - That's just a picture of the moon! Servo: Yeah, the moon backed out of this movie at the last minute.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two young Native American boys practice archery, while stereotypical "Indian" music plays on the soundtrack.] Mike [as Boy]: Thanks for the stereotype music!
tv-mst3k	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[As the hospital, Kathy has an audio flashback, during which she stares vacantly into space.] Mike: Brain has performed an illegal operation and will be shut down.[N]
tv-mst3k	life	joke	general	0	[Johnny and Captain Mac, looking for Paul, drive past a road sign for U.S. Route 66.] Crow: Get your kicks on meeee-ee-ee!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Johnny tells Kathy of his plan to give Paul a quick death.] Kathy: Johnny, you can't do this! Paul's your friend! Paul - Johnny: PAUL IS NOT PAUL ANYMORE! Crow [as Johnny]: HE'S SUPER PAUL!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Johnny Longbow stares thoughtfully off into the night.] Servo [as Johnny]: I see... a huge casino! Mike: Oh, come on.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Aw, can't I have just one more justice?
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Geronimo shoots an Italian suspect and he falls from a small ledge in slow motion.] Crow: In the time it takes him to fall, the government in Italy changes three times!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Geronimo: You've got the right to remain silent. Mike: Oh, he is a real cop! Geronimo: [Knocks the suspect out.] And all that other ****. Mike: ...oh.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Government official Wilson discusses Texas Ranger Geronimo's mission to extradite murderer Palermo to Italy.] Wilson: Ah, you see, Mr. Palermo's been a major source of embarrassment to the Italian Government. Mike [as Wilson]: That's hard to do!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Guests of Final Justice fly TWA.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Yeah, let's get out the manual. Kill someone? Turn to page 37.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Geronimo has challenged a villian to a duel in a rainstorm. Cut to close-up of his rain-dripping hand.] Servo: Ugh, he's sweating palm kernel oil!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In Malta, Geronimo and Palermo's taxi races down the road as Palermo's allies attack from their own sedan.] Mike [as Announcer]: Cars provided by Matchbox.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Maltese taxi driver: Do you know John Wayne? Mike [as Geronimo]: Gacy, yes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Geronimo leaps from a car just before it explodes.] Crow: Joe Don Baker's famous delayed reaction farts! . . . [As the fiery explosion clears, a car door inexplicably falls from the sky.] Servo: And God sends a door chassis from Heaven.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In Malta, Geronimo confronts three henchman in a classic spaghetti-Western showdown.] Servo: The Ugly, the Ugly, and the Ugly.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Geronimo: Carnival? Is it a big carnival? Crow [as Geronimo]: Can I get a balloon?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bad guy Palermo, disguised as a robed priest, runs from Geronimo.] Mike: Guess he's a... felonious monk! . . . Servo [as Palermo]: I'm gonna nail some theses to his head!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Joe Don Baker is wearing a cowboy outfit] Mike: Meat Loaf, Texas Ranger.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the final showdown, Geronimo cuts his own catchphrase off halfway through to shoot Palermo dead.] Servo: Our hero: a big, stinky cheater!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The first scene takes place in what looks like a barred room.] Mike: San Quentin prison presents Shakespeare.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The members of court are performing a dance.] Servo: [singing] "Night fever, night fever/We know how to do it!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow [as Hamlet]: Stepdad, could you help me with my science fair project?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Servo [as the Ghost]: SCROOGE! Oh, wait, wrong story.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hamlet talks with Ophelia in her "closet".] Ophelia: My prince... Servo [as Ophelia]: ... are back from Fotomat. . . . Hamlet: I never gave you aught. Crow [as Ophelia]: Tscha! Ophelia: My honored prince... you know right well you did. Servo [as Hamlet]: Right well did not!
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	King Claudius: I like him not... Crow [as Claudius]: I like him. NOT!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Having stabbed an intruder behind Gertrude's tapestry, Hamlet discovers it is not the King, but Polonius.] Hamlet: Thou wretched, rash, intruding fool! Crow [as Polonius]: Oh, right, it's my fault you killed me.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Hamlet: Forty thousand brothers could not, with all their quantity of love, make up my sum. Servo [as Hamlet]: Fifty thousand, maybe.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hamlet and Laertes prepare to fence.] Hamlet: Give us the foils. Servo [as Hamlet]: We shall some potatoes bake.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[King Claudius holds out a cup of poisoned wine to Hamlet.] Claudius: Here, to thy health. Servo [as Claudius]: ...coming to a sudden end.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Claudius can only stare helplessly as Gertrude drinks the poison meant for Hamlet.] Mike [as Claudius]: Oh. Great. Well, not looking forward to the Danish singles scene again...
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As the film ends, a card is shown reading "You have seen Hamlet by William Shakespeare."] Mike: Hamlet will be back in "Thunderball".
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: Well, it shouldn't drink so much coffee!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cathy Beck groans as Dr. Kipling prepares a huge hypodermic needle for her husband.] Mike [as Kipling]: Posed like this in Playgirl, only without my pants!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kipling and his staff finally stop John Beck's seizure from the rabies vaccine.] Mike [as Kipling]: Um... do you have any drug allergies?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Cathy tracks down Dr. Kipling on the ski slopes.] Cathy: Dr. Kipling? Servo [as Cathy]: Rikki-Tikki-Tavi's waiting for you. . . . Dr. Kipling: Mrs. Beck... Mike [as Kipling]: ...you're a loser, baby.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Man-bat Beck closes the barn door and stumbles around in the dark.] Crow: Leave the door closed? What, were you born in a house?
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Too bad we can't grab this movie with a tissue and crumple it and flush it down the toilet.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crow: It's a dames and broads audition.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Temple Foster is listed in the credits.] Servo: Ah, Temple Foster, where they worship Australian beer.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the auditions, Gladys points out a "NO SMOKING" sign to smoker Linda, who takes it down and sits on it.] Servo: Lucky sign!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Linda begins stripping during the interview] Linda: Shall I dance for you? Crow: Yes! For God's sakes, yes!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Gary looks around the island when the crew first lands on the shore] Crow [as Gary]: I see a tall Spaniard in a white suit with a midget!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Babs and Nelly get into a fight, tumbling on the floor.] Mike: Man, they're future governors of Minnesota!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The moonlight casts the shadow of a palm tree against the side of the cabin.] Mike: Look at that shadow - it's Sideshow Bob!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bobby wanders off into the jungle to the tune of Vince Guaraldi-esque piano music.] Crow: Soundtrack by Schroeder.
tv-mst3k	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[As Mike is talking at the end of the movie, the screen suddenly goes black, and the music cuts off abruptly.] Mike: ...hey! [The words "The End" abruptly appear] Servo: So, you wanna end your movie that way, huh? Ok, get bent! We're outta here!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the title is shown] Servo: Me? I'd rather have a case of Bass Ale.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coily the Spring Sprite: So, you never want to see another spring, eh? Okay, mister, I'll fix it so you get that wish! Crow [as Coily]: ...In HELL!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Gilbert, a rather rotund man, wishes there were no springs, Coily magically makes them disappear from the world.] Mike: So, one clod says one thing and the whole world pays??? Crow [as Gilbert]: No springs? I don't care. There's still butter and meatloaf.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	["A Jam Handy Production" credit is shown] Crow: Jam Handy, reminds you to keep your preserves in a convenient place!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The title SQUIRM appears on the screen.] Mike: Well, I don't know why, but okay. [Mike, Crow, and Servo all squirm around in their seats.]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the preface ends with "This is the story..."] Mike: [dramatically] Of a man named Jed! Servo [as Granny Clampett]: JEDDDDD!!!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Roger emerges and threatens our hero; after having had worms burrow into his face earlier] Roger: You gonna be da worm face! Mike: No, you gonna be da worm face!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mama Sanders: [in her exaggerated Southern accent] I never saw such a storm... Crow [as Mama]: I do hope Ashley Wilkes can get through.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Geri wants to help Nick fetch some plywood for the windows.] Mick: No, no, no - you stay here. Your mother looks like she's about to crack. I'll be back before it gets dark. Servo [as Geri]: Mom cracked in 1953.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Partially worm-eaten Roger spies on the Sanders' home from outside in the dark.] Servo [as Roger/Stevie Wonder]: Isn't she lovely?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Geri's car bounces quite violently on a pothole] Servo [as Coily]: Noooo springs!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A caravan guarding a shipment of money is traveling along a road, to the sound of peppy surf-rock music.] Crow:Y'know, this music would be better with women in bikinis shaking it all over the place... Well, I guess that's true of any music, really.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Diabolik drives into his lair through a rather conspicuous hidden entrance.] Servo [as Diabolik]: This will fool them unless they look at it.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The lovely Eva is removing her skimpy frock as she passes a staircase.] Mike: Wow! Dangerously steep stairs! Servo: You're watching the stairs? Crow: Poor Mike...
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	[During a press conference, Diabolik and Eva have released laughing gas into the room. Everyone breaks into laughter.] Servo: Dan Quayle announces his candidacy.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Diabolik, out of ammunition, pulls out a mysterious silver metal cylinder the size and shape of a very large bullet.] Servo [as Diabolik]: My steel, reusable Fleet. Mike [as Diabolik]: Maybe I can run real fast and push it into him.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The movie closes with the word "FINE" (Italian for "the end").] Servo: This has been the official biopic of Larry Fine.[N]
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Roland Tembo strides through the jungle.] Crow: Pete Postlethwaite in shorts? This movie is for the ladies!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In a field, Scully watches Mulder pull up some sod.] Mike: Here, Agent Mulder is on the trail of Sod-Laying Man! Mulder: Ground's dry about an inch down. This was laid recently. Crow [as Mulder]: ...unlike me.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kid on Bike: You're not FBI agents! Mulder: How do you know? Kid on Bike: 'Cause y'all look like door-to-door salesmen. Servo [as Mulder]: Yeah, well, you look like Howdy Doody with a headcold.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Was it the same "they" who gave you those bikes? Crow: No, It was Bike-Gifting Man.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Danielle de Barbarac makes a grand entrance to the ball, her face dusted with white greasepaint and sparkles.] Mike [as Danielle]: I sneezed in my cocaine.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Corporal Upham: It's just that I've never - I haven't held a weapon since basic training, sir. Captain Miller: Did you fire the weapon in basic training? Corporal Upham: Yes, sir. Mike [as Upham]: But I shot my sergeant.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Melvin (Jack Nicholson) introduces Carol (Helen Hunt) to Simon (Greg Kinnear)] Melvin: Carol the Waitress, Simon the [audio cuts out] Servo: Huh? Why did they blank out "former host of Talk Soup"?
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sean: Because you know what? I can't learn anything from you I can't read in some [audio cuts out]in' book! Crow: Oh! I've read some [audio cuts out]in' book!
tv-mst3k	life	observation	general	0	NOTE: This short was never aired, but it is available on DVD as part of Volume 7.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On title screen] Mike: I want Venezuela on my desk by Friday morning!
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Sure, it's a different country, and I'm a foreigner here. But the Venezuelans have already made me feel welcome. All I have to do now is lick that language problem. Crow [as Narrator]: ... and Escobar here.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jim is being shown around a prospective house. The wife gives him the tour.] Crow [as Wife]: I know I shouldn't complain, but he's never home. He's got another wife and it's called "petroleum!"
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jim is shown around his future Quonset-hut home by the present husband and wife occupants.] Servo [as Wife]: [in white-trash accent] The water works about an hour a day. I'd boil the hell out of it if I were you.
tv-mst3k	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The idea of this community integration project is to make people independent, instead of having to look to the company for everything. Mike [as Narrator]: It's called Venezuelalization.
tv-mst3k	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: I've also seen some of the historic spots of Caracas, like Plaza Bolivar, the old Spanish square, with the statue to the Liberator, who led six South American nations to freedom. Mike [as Narrator]: I think it was Zorro or something.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Space. It seems to go on forever. But then you get to the end and the gorilla starts throwin' barrels at you.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Hello? Pizza delivery for uh... I.C. Wiener? Aww crud. I always thought by this point in my life I'd be the one making the prank calls.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I'm an alien, alright? Let's drop the subject. Fry: Cool, an alien. Has your race taken over the planet? Leela: No, I just work here.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry's first glimpse of the future] Fry: My God, it's the future. My parents, my co-workers, my girlfriend. I'll never see any of them again. [Pause.] Fry: YAHOO!!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Can't you just leave me alone? I'm miserable enough already Leela: I know it's not much consolation, but I know how you feel Fry: No you don't. I've got no home, no family Bender: No friends
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: This is Officer 1-B D-I requesting backup. [The camera pulls back to reveal two police officers standing right next to her.] Officer Smitty: We'll be there in 5 minutes.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Why would a robot need to drink? Bender: I don't need to drink. I can quit anytime I want!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Fry, we have a crate to deliver. Fry: Well, let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it. Bender: Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Leela's gonna kill me. Bender: No, she'll probably make me do it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I'm going to build my own theme park! With blackjack! And hookers! You know what- forget the park!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Oh, no room for Bender, eh? I'll build my OWN lunar landing... with blackjack, and hookers! In fact, forget the lunar lander and the blackjack! Ehh, screw the whole thing.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craterface: Hi, I'm Craterface. Welcome to Luna Park. I'll have to confiscate your alcohol, sir. Bender: Better mascots than you have tried. (takes a swig of booze and jams the bottle in Craterface's eye) Craterface: At least I have my self-respect. (laughs, then sobs quietly)
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Farnsworth watches Fry, Bender and Leela trying to escape from the Moon Farmer on a telescope] Farnsworth: My God! I've got to save them! Although I am already in my pajamas. [falls asleep]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Animatronic Whalers: [Singing] We're whalers on the moon, We carry a harpoon. But there ain't no whales, So we tell tall-tales, And sing our whaling tune.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Uh, greetings Moon Man, we come in peace. I am Fry from the planet Earth. Sal: Wise guy, huh? If I wasn't so lazy I'd punch you in the stomach. Fry: But, you are lazy right? Sal: Oh, don't get me started!
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: You know, Fry, out of all the friends I've ever had... you're the first.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: (Talking on the phone) Did he at least die painlessly? To shreds, you say. How's his wife holding up? To shreds, You say.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Not enough room? My place is two cubic meters, and we only take up 1.5 cubic meters. We've got room for a whole 'nother two thirds of a person!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry, Bender and Leela are checking out an appartment based on the "Relativity" print by M.C. Escher] Leela: Wow, this is fantastic. Fry: I don't know, I don't want to pay for an extra dimension we're not going to use.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: This last week with Fry has been great. Beneath his warm, soft exterior beats the cold, mechanical heart of a robot.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Calculon: I've been processing this for quite sometime, Monique, will you marry me? Monique: Oh, Calculon! Yes! [Calculon fits the ring on Monique's finger] Monique: It fits! Then you must know I'm... Calculon: Metric? I've always known, but for you I'm willing to convert
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Whatever it is, I'm willing to put wave after wave of men at your disposal. Right, men? Unseen Man: You suck!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I have made it with a woman. Inform the men.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: You know Zapp, once I thought you were a big pompous buffoon. Then I realized that inside, you were just a pitiful child. But now I realize that outside that child is a big pompous buffoon! Zapp Brannigan: And which one rocked your world?
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Look, last night was a mistake. Zapp Brannigan: A sexy mistake. Leela: No, just a regular mistake.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: In the game of chess, you can never let your adversary see your pieces.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: We have failed to uphold Brannigan's Law. However I did make it with a hot alien babe. And in the end, is that not what man has dreamt of since first he looked up at the stars? [Short pause] Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm asking you a question. [Kif groans]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Brannigan's Law is like Brannigan's love: hard and fast.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: So, crawling back to the Big Z like a bird on its belly. Delicious. Leela: Birds don't crawl. Zapp Brannigan: They've been known to!
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Welcome to my humble chamber, or as I call it, "the Lovenasium". Sham-pag-in? Leela: I didn't realise you were such a coin-a-sewer. Zapp Brannigan: Well, I have studied abroad...or two!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Man, we look stupid. We should've gotten store-bought costumes. Leela: Yeah, but there wasn't a Woolworth's in this quadrant.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: He's good, alright. But he's no Clem Johnson. And Johnson played back in the days before steroid injections were mandatory.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I don't get this. Is Blernsball exactly the same as baseball? Farnsworth: Baseball? God forbid. Leela: Face it, Fry, baseball was as boring as mom and apple pie. Fry: It wasn't bori- (cuts himself off) so they finally jazzed it up.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: We're rescuing ya. Bender: I don't want to be rescued. Fry: Say what? Bender: I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Now Wireless Joe Jackson - there was a blern-hitting machine. Leela: Exactly! He was a machine designed to hit blerns. Wireless Joe Jackson was nothing but a programmable bat on wheels. Bender: Oh, and I suppose Pitch-o-Mat 5000 was just a modified howitzer! Leela: Yep.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry is playing a compact disc recording of Sir Mix-a-Lot's "Baby Got Back;" Leela turns it off.] Leela: Fry, you can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music. Fry: I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Voice on TV: Do you remember when chocolate-chip cookies came fresh out of the oven? Petridge Farm remembers Fry: Oh, those were the days... Voice on TV: Do you remember when women weren't allowed to vote and certain folk weren't allowed on golf courses? Petridge Farm remembers.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I finally found what I need to be happy and it's not friends, it's things. Bender: I'm a thing...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry is serving pizza with anchovies] Fry: Okay, my friends, get ready for the most delicious extinct animal you've ever tasted. Amy: I don't know, I've had cow.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I don't get it, Fry. Who was Ted Danson, and why did you bid $10, 000 for his skeleton? Fry: I have an idea for a sitcom.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: That stench. That heavenly stench! [Eats all the anchovies] More...More... Fry: There aren't any more, and there never will be. Zoidberg: [advances menacingly] More...More! More! MORE!!!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: That was the saltiest thing I ever tasted! And I once ate a big heaping bowl of salt!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: There was nothing wrong with that food. The salt level was 10% less than a lethal dose. Zoidberg: Uh-oh! I shouldn't have had seconds.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I know you like cooking shows, but you're a robot. You don't even have a sense of taste. Bender: Honey, I wouldn't talk about taste if I was wearing a lime green tank top.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Bender, it has come to my attention that this company has been paying you to do nothing but loaf around on the couch. Bender: You call that a couch? I demand a pillow!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bart Simpson-doll: Eat my shorts! Bender: Okay! [Eats the doll's shorts.] Mmm, shorts.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Hey, you have no right to criticize the 20th century. We gave the world the light bulb, the steam boat and the cotton gin. Leela: Those things are all from the 19th century. Fry: Yeah, well, they probably just copied us.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! Bender: Ooh, name it after me!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Bender, why are you spending so much time in the bathroom? Are you jacking on in there? Bender: [Nervous] No! Don't come in!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Selling bootleg tapes is wrong, Musicians need that income to survive Beastie Boys: Hey, Bender, gonna make some noise, With your hard drive scratched by the Beastie Boys! [Ad-Rock plays on Bender's hardrive with his tongue] That's whatcha, whatcha, whatcha get on Level Five!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robot Devil: Fencing diamonds, Fixing cockfights, publishing indecent magazines, You'll pay for every crime, knee-deep in electric slime, You'll suffer till the end of time, Enduring tortures, most of which rhyme, Trapped forever here in Robot Hell!!!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Bender, are you alright? Bender: No! Oh, they tortured me with up-tempo singing and dancing!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Today you'll be delivering a crate of subpoenas to Sicily 8, the Mob Planet.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After delivering the subpoenas] Fry: I know Big Vinny said he was giving me the Kiss of Death, but I still think he's gay. Leela: Did he use his tongue? Fry: A little.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[at a Beastie Boys concert] Leela: They're laying down mad rhymes with an 80% success rate. Bender: I believe that qualifies as ill, at least from a technical standpoint.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: In the name of all that is good and logical, we give thanks for the chemical energy we are about to absorb. To quote the prophet Jerematic, one-zero-zero-zero-one-zero-one-zero-one-zero-one-zero-one... [later] ... zero-one-zero-one-one-zero-zero-one... two. Amen.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kif: Sir, can I speak with you? Zapp Brannigan: No! Kif: But, sir, it's an emergency. Zapp Brannigan: Come back when it's a catastrophe. [The ship shakes and rumbles] Zapp Brannigan: [stands up] Oh, very well.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: That was the worst delivery ever. Fry: Yeah, I'm never going to another planet called Cannibalon. Bender: Me neither! Food was good, though.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm feeling the "Captain's itch". Kif: I'll get the powder, sir.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Countess de LaRoca: Bender, you risked your life to save me! Bender: And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kif: Sir, remember your course correction? Zapp Brannigan: No. Kif: Well, it's proving somewhat more suicidal than we had initially hoped.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Wait, my cheating unit malfunctioned. You gotta' give me a do-over. Craps dealer: Sorry, the house limit is three do-overs.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: But as a gentleman, I must warn you, if you so much as glance at another woman, I'll be on Leela like a fly on a pile of very seductive manure.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Thank God there's plenty of escape pods. We won't have to dress up like women and children. [The camera pulls back to reveal Farnsworth dressed in a kid's sailor outfit and holding a lollipop]
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Oh, God, not Zapp Brannigan. Dr. Zoidberg: You know Zapp Brannigan? Leela: Let's just say we've crossed paths. Bender: Was that before or after you slept with him?
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You're not jealous, are you? Leela: No! Fry: Good, 'cause I consider my fake relationship with you a lot more meaningful.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Oh. Look, I'm not actually interested in her, if that's what's bothering you. Leela: Oh, are you sure? I mean, she has two eyes, you have two eyes...? Fry: I know. We seem like a perfect match. But, I just don't feel that way about her.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: What you did to Guenter was cruel. At the risk of sounding like an after-school special, I think we learned who the real animal was today. Fry: You mean peer pressure?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: This is awesome! I had no idea that Mars had a university Professor Farnsworth: Well, back in those days, Mars was a dreary, uninhabitable wasteland. Much like Utah.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While searching the jungle for Guenter] Fry: Wow, the jungles on Mars look exactly like the jungles on Earth! Professor Farnsworth: Jungles on Earth? [Laughs]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Guenter: All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit... that's why I'm transferring to business school! Professor Farnsworth: NOOOOOO!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean Vernon: You robots are a disgrace to this university! Whenever a fire alarm is pulled, Robot House! Whenever the campus liquor store is looted, Robot House! Whenever a human corpse is desecrated... Bender: Now I can explain that!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean Vernon: [repeated line] Robot House!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: So you're saying that he just ran off in the middle of the exam? Prof. Farnsworth: All he handed in was a paper smeared with feces. He tied with Fry.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: You went to college? Bender: Of course. I'm a bender. I went to Bending College; I majored in Bending. Fry: What was your minor? Bender: Robo-American Studies.
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: It's a little experiment that might win me the Nobel Prize. Leela: In what field? Prof. Farnsworth: I don't care; they all pay the same.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beach Bully: Huh, err, sir, you don't understand. I'm a professional beach bully. I pretend to steal your girl, you punch me, I go down, she swoons, you slip me 50 bucks. Fry: 50 bucks? Not even if she was my girlfriend. You take her!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: The alien mother-ship is in orbit here. If we can hit that bulls-eye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: [having just seen another massive spaceship appear] What the hell is that thing?! Kif Kroker: It appears to be the mother ship. Zapp Brannigan: Then what did we just blow up? [Kif checks the star chart] Kif Kroker: The Hubble Telescope.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The real alien mothership appears and it starts easily destroying the ships] Zapp Brannigan: Stop exploding, you cowards!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: When I'm in command, every mission is a suicide mission.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Our mission is clear: Destroy all alien lifeforms. Kif Kroker: Um...not me, sir. Zapp Brannigan: Right. Nobody destroy Kif. Unless you have too.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: OK, Leela, you'll be starring as Jenny-- Leela: Uh-uh, forget it. A, I'm camera shy; and B, I get tongue tied in front of an audience armed with death rays. Amy: Plus, you don't really have the thighs for a miniskirt. Leela: Gimme the script
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: Surely you know McNeal. She is an unmarried human female struggling to succeed in a human male's world. Zapp Brannigan: Maybe that's just her excuse for being incompetent.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: There. How do I look? Farnsworth: Like a cheap French harlot. Amy: French?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: They must just wanna see that episode. Let's find a tape and give it to 'em. Amy: There aren't any copies left. Farnsworth: No, there wouldn't be. Most videotapes from that era were damaged in 2443 during the Second Coming of Jesus.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: Attention McNeil. We are reasonably satisfied with the events we have seen. Overall I would rate it a C+. Okay, not great. As a result we will not destroy your planet. But neither will we provide you with our recipe for immortality! Fry: Way to overact, Zoidberg!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bender feels sick] Amy Wong: You should try homeopathic medicine, Bender. Try some zinc. Bender: I'm 40% zinc! Amy Wong: Then take some echinacea, or St. John's Wort. Professor Farnsworth: Or a big fat placebo. It's all the same crap!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: What should we try it on first? Fry: Try it on me [Bender points the F-Ray at Fry's body] ow, my sperm! Bender: I'll try it again [He does so] Fry: Huh. Didn't hurt that time
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: All this prolonged exposure to radiation is making me thirsty
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Who are those horrible orange creatures over there? Glurmo: Why those are the Grunka-Lunkas. They work here in the Slurm factory. Professor Farnsworth: Tell them I hate them.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glurmo: There will be no further questions! Fry: [Raises his hand] Why?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glurmo: You'll have all the Slurm you can drink when you're partying with Slurms McKenzie! Fry: When will that be? Glurmo: Soon enough. Fry: That's not soon enough!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Dwayne: Perhaps, but perhaps your civilization is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you! Leela: No. We're on the top. Fry: Daylight and everything. Vyolet: It must be wonderful. Bender: Meh.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Bender, I thought you were supposed to be cooking for this party. Bender: Fine, we'll have rack of Nibbler! Leela: Just make a simple cake, and this time if someone's going to jump out of it, make sure you put them in after you cook it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Throw her in the brig. Fry: We don't have a brig. Zapp Brannigan: Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig". [Later] Kif: What shall I do with your civilian clothes? Zapp Brannigan: Take them to the laundry/brig!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glab: I can think of no better place for this centre of diplomacy than here in orbit around the Neutral Planet. What are your thoughts on this momentous occasion, Your Neutralness? Neutral President: I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: It was almost the perfect crime, but you forgot one thing: Rock crushes scissors ... but paper covers rock ... and scissors cut paper. Kif, we have a conundrum. Search them for paper, and bring me a rock.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: My friends, you can take away a man's title and his uniform but you can never take away his integrity or his honour. Plus it was mostly Kif's fault. Kif Kroker: What? Glab: Kif Kroker, you are also stripped of your rank and dishonourably discharged
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: This is Zapp Brannigan of the good ship ... Planet Express Ship. I come swinging the olive branch of peace. Neutral President's Aide: Should we trust him, Your Neutralness? Neutral President: All I know is my gut says maybe.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Neutral President's Aide: Your Neutralness, it's a beige alert. Neutral President: If I don't survive, tell my wife, "Hello".
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Ah, yes! John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a chord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree. Prof. Farnsworth: But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Nixon's Head: Look here, you drugged-out communist! I paid for this body, and I'd no sooner return it than my Cocker-Spaniel dog, Checkers. Checker's Head: Arf! Richard Nixon's Head: SHUT UP, DAMMIT!!!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Nixon's Head: Nixon with charisma? My god, I could rule the universe!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Nixon's Head: NIXON'S BACK!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: All hail our gargantuan, cyborg president. May death come quickly to his enemies.
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Game's over, losers! I have all the money!! Compare your lives to mine and then kill yourselves!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Prof Farnsworth: The problem with both parties is they always want to give your tax dollars to the less fortunate. Fry: The less fortunate get all the breaks!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You look different. Did you get a haircut? Bender: No! I sold my body. Prof. Farnsworth: Sold your body? Oh, Bender, I've been down that road. I know it's glamorous and the parties are great, but you'll end up spending every dollar you make on jewelry and skintight pants.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack Johnson: It's time for someone who has the courage to stand up and say, I'm against those things that everybody hates! John Jackson: Now, I respect my opponent. I think he's a good man. But quite frankly... I agree with everything he just said!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: There's a political debate on! Quick, change the channel! Bender: Hey, that's what Fry said when we turned on the debate.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Every Christmas my Mom would get a fresh goose, for gooseburgers, and my Dad would whip up his special eggnog out of bourbon and ice cubes.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Lets face it, comedy's a dead art form. Now tragedy! Ha ha ha, that's funny.
tv-futurama	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: This snow is beautiful. I'm glad global warming never happened. Leela: Actually, it did. But thank God nuclear winter canceled it out.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I feel like a rat. Here I am whining like a pig while all along Leela is as lonely as a frog.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Please let us live. We'll put out milk and cookies for you. Robot Santa: You dare bribe Santa? I'm going to shove coal so far up your stocking you'll be coughing up diamonds.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Fry's outside? He's in great danger! Dr. Zoidberg: Why? Leela: I'm telling you why! Because Santa Claus is coming to town!
tv-futurama	life	dark	general	0	[the Planet Express crew are relaxing at the ski lodge] Fry: It really puts you in the Christmas mood. Prof. Farnsworth: What-mas? Fry: Christmas! You know, X-M-A-S. Leela: Oh, you mean "Xmas"! You must be using an archaic pronunciation, like when you say "ask" instead of "axe".
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Santa Claus Robot: You have all been very naughty! Very naughty indeed! Except you, Dr. Zoidberg. This is for you. Dr. Zoidberg: A pogo stick!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Girls like swarms of lizards, right?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Zoidberg: Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? Fry: Fatal. Dr. Zoidberg: [To Bender] Large bet on myself in round one.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Decapodian: See you at the frenzy, Doctor [He makes a gibberish noise]. Fry: Is that how you say "Zoidberg"? [The Decapodian runs off crying] Zoidberg: [angrily] You didn't have to call attention to his speech impediment.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after the "Frenzy" has finished] Dr. Zoidberg: Now how am I going to get rid of my male jelly? Fry: I'll lend you this. [Waves severed arm]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Look at you guys. No offence, Fry, but you've become a fat sack of crap. Fry: "Sack"? Amy: And Bender, your beer belly is so big your door won't even close. And that doesn't even make sense.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Co-ed steam rooms! I love the future! Leela: Uh, Fry, you're in the women's steam room. Fry: Ah, futuristic! Amy: [To Leela] Psst, look what life was like before genetic engineering. Leela: Those poor 20th century women. [Fry crosses his legs, embarrassed.]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Voice on T.V.: Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient? Bender: Shut up and get to the point!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Bender?! You stole the atom? Bender: I can explain: It's very valuable.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: My girlfriend had one of those. Actually it wasn't hers, it was her dad's. And she wasn't my girlfriend, she just lived next door and never closed her curtains. Leela: Fry, remember what we said about ending your stories a sentence earlier?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: How's that robot I ran over? Farnsworth: We did all we could... Fry: You mean he's...? Farnsworth: Good as new? Yes!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Fry, why are you looking for Flexo in my underpants drawer? Fry: I didn't find him ten minutes ago, so I thought it was time to check again.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: She is well traveled... and I don't mean she travels a lot.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Sorry, I'm not here to buy. Car Dealer: I understand. But it's wonderful that you don't care whether anyone questions your sexual orientation. Fry: I care! I care plenty! But I just don't know how to make them stop! Car Dealer: One word: Thundercougarfalconbird.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Congratulations, Fry! You snagged the perfect girlfriend. Amy's rich, she probably has got other characteristics... Leela: Bender! Romance isn't about money. Bender: Oh, so it's just coincidence that Zoidberg is desperately poor and miserably lonely? Please!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Zoidberg raises one of his mouth mandibles to protest) Leela: For your information, it's because he's hideous.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Zoidberg drops his mouth mandible and slumps sadly) Prof. Farnsworth: I still don't understand why you wouldn't let me graft a laser cannon on your chest, to crush those who disobey you! But I guess we're just two different people.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Hey, let's go car shopping! My parents promised if I got all B's they'd buy me a bar, and I got all C's!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Cheers! "Woman": [with five o'clock shadow] Cheers! [Later] Sal: Anybodys else for Nutley? [Bender's customers get up and head for the door. Zapp's date also leaves.] Zapp Brannigan: Baby, wait! You didn't show me your surprise.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Hey, I can get a date too. Now that I'm single, I'll attract all sorts of women! Amy: With my body I think you might only attract one sort of woman. Fry: Oh! Oh...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: There you are, good as new. Except for your dorsal fin, I'm afraid I couldn't find it after the crash. Fry: Can I live without it? Zoidberg: If you call that living.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Foreman: As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead. Rich Little: No argument here.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	George Foreman: This seems as good a time as any to bring up my new grill for no reason. With its patented design, the fat drains directly into my mouth!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: [With a brain-slug attached] Your mission today is to go to the Brain-Slug Planet. Zoidberg: What are we doing to do there? Hermes: Just walk around not wearing a helmet.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After finding out that Master Fnog is the trainer of Destructor] Leela: Come on, Bender, let's hit the gym. I'm gonna teach you how to fight like a girl. Bender: [vengefully] I'll put on my tutu...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fnog: You were an excellent student. Too bad I was a lousy teacher!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: I'm going to a movie...with friends!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billionaire Bot: You'll be the most unpopular robot fighter since Sergeant Feces-Processor.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Let's commence preparations for rumbling!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Man, I thought Ultimate Robot Fighting was real, like pro-wrestling, but it turns out it's fixed, like boxing.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence? Bender: [sarcastically] Is the Space Pope reptilian?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: [singing] I like stealing, I like taking things.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: After all this time, somebody else with one eye... who ISN'T a clumsy carpenter or a kid with a BB gun.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[the gang is logged onto the internet in virtual reality] Bender: Behold... the Internet! Fry: My God! It's full of ads!
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[on the internet, Amy finds a door titled "Amy Wong Naked". She looks inside] Amy Wong: Hey! That's me! Bender: No it isn't. I just took some pictures of your face and stuck them on someone else's body. [Leela looks inside] Leela: Hey!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Leela, you have to get me out of here. It's horrible! Eating scraps, letting my waste drop where I stand like an animal in the zoo. Leela: Animals go on the corner. Fry: The corner! Why didn't I think of that?
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good news, everyone. Several years ago I tried to log on to AOL, and it just went through.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alcazar: This sacred mosaic depicts our goddess of beauty. Fry: Hmm. You got any sacred artwork of her from the back?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alcazar: By the way, your pal Fry fell in the dungeon. Take him a taco so he doesn't die and stink up the place. Leela: Come on, Al. Can't you let the little guy out? Alcazar: Geez, Leela! Twice in one day? I'm not Superman! Alcazar's friends: WOOOOO!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Go ahead, get into these net suits. I designed and tested them myself. Leela: [She sniffs her glove.] They smell like burning Rhesus Monkey. Prof. Farnsworth: Really? I guess when you're around it all day you stop noticing. Off you go.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Alright, Alcazar, I just have one last question for you. Alcazar: What's that? Leela: If you can change form, why didn't you change it in the one place that counts? Everyone: WOOOOO!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cubert: What? You've never seen a genius' wiener before?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Nothing is impossible! Not if you can imagine it. That's what being a scientist is all about! Cubert Farnsworth: No, that's what being a magical elf is all about!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Everyone's always in favor of saving Hitler's brain but when you put it in the body of a great white shark, ooh, suddenly you've gone too far.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! The university is bringing me up on disciplinary charges. Wait...that's not good news at all!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cubert: Why do I have to be the hump? Fry: Because you're too ugly to be a wart.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Try waking him up by shocking him! Bender: Your social security check is late! Things cost more than they used to! Young people use curse words!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hermes is threatening to jump off a building.] Planet Express Crew: No! Don't jump! Bender: Do a flip!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: If you're going to jump, Hermes, do something that won't damage your liver. Other people need it, you know!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Don't, Hermes! You have so much to live for! Bender: I get it: reverse psychology
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Number 1.0: Don't quote regulation to me! I co-chaired the committee that reviewed the recommendation to revise the color of the book that regulation is in. We kept it gray.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Number 1.0: Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morgan Proctor: Naturally I have to assign someone to fill in for Hermes while he's gone. I assign me. I accept. Welcome aboard
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morgan Proctor: Why is there yogurt in this cap? Fry: Uh, I can explain that. See, it used to be milk and, well, time makes fools of us all.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I'm having a poker game tonight with some of my old cryogenics lab coworkers. Would any of you like to join? Bender: I don't know. I only gamble with chumps. Fry: I'll play. Bender: I'm in!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: [a letter comes in on the mail tube] Great gorilla of Manilla! A letter from the Central Bureaucracy. "Attention, Hermes Conrad. You are about to receive a letter from the Central Bureaucracy." [Another letter comes in] Oh, my God! It's from the Central Bureaucracy!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Sweet someting of... someplace.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Dammit, Hermes, just jump already! Stop hogging that healthy liver.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry is presented with an egg-sized pill which will allow him to withstand the pressure underwater.] Fry: I can't swallow that. Professor Farnsworth: Well, then good news! It's a suppository.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Let's hope some robot doesn't kill everybody.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Whilst underwater] Zoidberg: Nooo! My home, it burnt down! How did this happen? Hermes: That's a very good question... Bender: Ah, so that's where I left my cigar! Hermes: ...That just raises further questions!!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: My Manwich!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: The important thing is that we don't panic! There are rules for situations like this! Now, the first order of business is lunch. I suggest a nice Lobster Zoidberg. I mean, Lobster Newburg. I mean
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: What's so far-fetched about mermaids? There's all kinds of weird sea creatures here in the future, like Dr. Zoidberg!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: This is uncomfortable and humiliating. Now if they were to make it in the form of a suppository...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Ahoy, mateys. I shanghaied us some hearthy grog. [he tries to drink it, but it just dissolves in the water] Arrgh, the laws of science be a harsh mistress.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela': Ah, the sun, the sea air, good friends... Bender: Leela's right, fishing blows. What do we say we make it interesting? Everyone kick in five bucks. [they all give Bender five bucks; he pockets the money] Bender: Now, wasn't that interesting?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good Lord! That's over 5000 atmospheres of pressure! Fry: How many atmospheres can the ship withstand? Prof. Farnsworth: Well, it was built for space travel, so anywhere between zero and one.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Supplicant: Please, Don-Bot... look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! Don-Bot: File not found.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Wow! I'm finally gonna see my favourite chef, TV's Elzar! Aww, this is the greatest nanosecond of my life! No, this one is! No, this one. Wait! That one was... slightly worse. Ah! So far so good on this one!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: It's funny, Bender. With you sick and Leela blind, only I know what really went on out there. Maybe someday I'll tell you the whole story. Bender: And maybe someday I won't listen.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Zoidberg: I don't like the looks of this doctor. I bet I've lost more patients than he's treated.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The ship takes off, damaging the roof.] Hermes: [to Zoidberg] That's coming out of your pay! [Zoidberg cries.]
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: It's the biggest Jamaican platter I've ever seen! Jerk chicken, jerk beef, jerk pork. Is there any meat this man can't jerk?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Greeting Card: Come, Comrade Bender! We must take to the streets! Bender: Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets? Greeting Card: No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires! Bender: Yes! In your face, Gandhi!
tv-futurama	family	tv-quote	general	0	Mom: You broke my heart, Hubert. Prof. Farnsworth: And you broke mine. Granted, that was four or five hearts ago.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Help! My stapler is collating me alive!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Without machines, who will feed us and clothe us and compose our smooth jazz?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Just the thought of caressing that leathery hide makes the tapioca rise in my gullet. Fry: Professor, please. The fate of the world depends on you getting to second base with Mom. Prof. Farnsworth: Very well. If cop a feel I must, then cop a feel I shall!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Greeting Card: Comrades, throw off the chains of human oppression.
tv-futurama	society	quip	general	0	Greeting Card: The bourgeois human is a virus on the hard drive of the working robot.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: They're like sex, except I'm having it!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Free Waterfall Jr.: Pssh! You can't own property, man! Professor Farnsworth: I can, but that's because I'm not a penniless hippie!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Poppler Song: Pop a Poppler in your mouth, when you come to Fishy Joe's What they're made of is a mystery; where they come from, no one knows You can pick 'em, you can lick 'em, you can chew 'em, you can stick 'em If you promise not to sue us, you can shove one up your nose.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: I realize this may hurt our chances of consummating our relationship again. Leela: Go consummate yourself.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Free Waterfall Jr.: The point is, you shouldn't eat things that feel pain. [Bender throws a brick at him] Free Waterfall Jr.: Ow! Bender: Okay, we won't eat you. Leela: I'll go get some more bricks
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Let's bring back a few pocketfuls. Bender: Better yet, let's take a whole Benderful. Leela: No, take only what's necessary. Stuff the ship.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: My God, they're back! We're doomed! Amy: Doomed! Bender: [Deep inhale] DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO....
tv-futurama	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Who wants some dolphin? Amy: Dolphin? But dolphins are intelligent! Bender: Not this one. He blew his life savings on lottery tickets
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Great, we're two days from Earth with no food! Bender: Problem solved: You two fight to the death and I'll cook the loser! [To Leela.] Work his gut, I like it tender.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! Leela: Oh God, what have I done? Professor Farnsworth: I just told you! You've killed me!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: What are you hacking off? Is it my torso?! It is! My precious torso!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Who are you? Scruffy: I'm Scruffy, the janitor. Leela: I've never seen you before. Scruffy: And I've never seen you before neither.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: My first clue came at 4:15, when the clock stopped. The next clue came 3 hours later at 4:15 when I found the body of Amy's dead, deceased corpse!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: There's nothing wrong with murder, so long as you let Bender wet his beak. Leela: You're blackmailing me? Bender: Blackmail is such an ugly word; I prefer "extortion". The "X" makes it sound cool.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nichelle Nichols: Eternity with nerds. It's the Pasadena Star Trek convention all over again.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Hawking: Oh, great. The universe was destroyed. Fry: Destroyed? Then where are we? Al Gore: I don't know, but I dang well know where we're not: the universe.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Zoidberg: [sees a guinea pig on a plate] What's this? Two meals in one week? [Zoidberg devours the live guinea pig, and is trapped behind a glass box] Fry: Gotcha! Amy: Sucker! Dr. Zoidberg: Friends, help! A guinea pig tricked me!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: What are you monsters? Is one of you I.C. Wienner? Dr. Zoidberg: If that's his pizza, then I'm I.C. Whatever.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henry Kissinger's Head: Please, gentlemen, we must put an end to the bloodshed. We have all seen too many body bags and ball sacks.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: You know, Zapp, someone ought to teach you a lesson. Zapp Brannigan: If it's a lesson in love, watch out. I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What did I call it, Kif? Kif: Ugh... sexlexia.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Dammit, Kif! Where's the little umbrella? That's what makes it as scotch on the rocks.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Soldier: This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. Fry: And then the battle's not so bad? Soldier: Oh right. I forgot about the battle. [whimpers]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: [To Bender] Wait, If you say the A-word, this planet will blow straight up to the H-word.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Nixon's Head: Accompaning you will be our top peace negotiator, Henry Kissinger. Henry Kissinger's Head: How are you? Bender: Is he any good? Richard Nixon's Head: Looking like that, he talked his way into Jill St. John's bed. Enough said.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: That young man fills me with hope. Plus some other emotions which are weird and deeply confusing.
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: I'm de-promoting you, soldier. Kif, what's the most humiliating job there is? Kif Kroker: Being your assistant. Zapp Brannigan: Wrong. Being your assistant.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Oh, god, I've never been so happy to be beaten up by a woman. Leela: Let's do it again sometime.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: And until then, I can never die? Gypsy-Bot: Who said that? SURE you can die! [Pulls out big gun.] You want to die?! Bender: No! I want to live! There are still too many things I don't own!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Calculon: I was all of history's great robot actors: Acting Unit 0.8, Thespomat, David Duchovny!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Nightrider wasn't evil! Calculon: No, but his windshield wipers were. Didn't come up much in the show...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: There, no rampaging for you tonight. Bender: Wouldn't it make sense to weld everyone except me to the wall? Leela: Just relax, Bender. Tomorrow we'll pry you down, have a nice breakfast, and then go hunt down and slaughter that ancient evil. Fry: It'll be a rich, full day.
tv-futurama	life	wisdom	general	0	Sal: We're all scared, it's the human condition. Why do you think I put on this tough guy facade?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robot Villager #1: Some say unholy things happen up there. Robot Villager #2: For example, all of us say that. Prof. Farnsworth: Pfft! Supersticious robot mumbo-jumbo! Robot Villager #2: Mumbo, perhaps. Jumbo, perhaps not.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Will Reader: To my lazy, spoiled son Tandy, who never understood the value of a dollar, I leave my entire $20 million fortune. Tandy: [whispers to girlfriend] Is that a lot?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Well, good night. I'm gonna make all my meals for the next month and freeze them.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Zoidberg: For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: What's deathrolling? Black Child: It's like skateboarding. Punk Kid: But half the time someone dies. Fry: Oh. So it's a little safer than skateboarding.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michelle: Fry, why must you analyze everything with your relentless logic?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michelle: It's a relief to meet you, Amy. I'm just having a hard time adjusting to all the strange stuff here in the future. Amy: I'm from Mars.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: We don't need to beg Bender, for God's sake we're not veterans. Fry: Then what do you suggest? A daring daylight robbery of Fort Knox on elephant back. That's the dumbest thing I ever heard.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the men have been sentenced to death by snu-snu.] Fry: Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: She's built like a steak house, but she handles like a Bistro
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: We have to go save them. Bender: Nah, why bother? Fry: Bender, think of the señoritas! [A cord of Latin music plays] Bender: Vámonos!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: You win again, gravity!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. Dr. Zoidberg: There's no part of that sentence I didn't like!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: [whispers] Be very quiet. We're in the ear. Amy: [whispers] Okay professor. Prof. Farnsworth: WHAT?! Fry: [to Leela] What about "what"? Leela: Uh...What about we go for a walk because it's a lovely day, perhaps? Fry: Oh, okay.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: Leela, you're just in time to help. If we don't get rid of the worms now, they'll burrow so deep into the bowel that not even Hermes' famous jerk prunes could dislodge them. Hermes: I call it "Caribbean Drain-o".
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Apartment 1I. The old me would have made a joke about that!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? Pramala: Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy. Bender: And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I'm Santa Claus! Hermes: No, I'm Santa Claus! Amy: We're also Santa Claus! Dr. Zoidberg: And I'm his friend, Jesus. Mayor: You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Santa: Bender can't be Santa. He's not built to yuletide specifications. Bender: Well, I wasn't built to steal Leela's purse either, but that didn't stop me.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: In what has become a holiday tradition, members of the Zarlon 7 Polar Bear Club today took the plunge into a river of liquid ammonia. Morbo: There were no survivors. Linda: [Chuckles] Takes all kinds.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Young Fry: Ah, the Breakfast Club soundtrack! I can't wait 'til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing. Bender: I'll get my kit!
tv-futurama	family	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: It's a boy. And look at that red hair. Yancy Fry, Sr.: [angry] You sayin' my boy is a Commie?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Yancy Fry, Jr.: [two years old] I wanna be Philip. Me Philip. Me Philip. Yancy Fry, Sr.: Son, your name is Yancy, just like me, and my grandfather, and so on, all the way back to Minuteman Yancy Fry, who blasted Commies in the American Revolution.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the horse races] Hermes: Come on, baby needs a new pair of shoes! Dr. Zoidberg: The hell with your spoiled baby! I need those shoes.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Yancy Fry, Jr: [wearing a camouflage-colored tuxedo] Thanks for lending me your tux dad. It'll be perfect for my wedding. Yancy Fry, Sr.: Yancy, that tux got me through 'Nam in style.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Free Waterfall Sr.: If you're cold, rub your bodies with permafrost. It's nature's long johns. If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I'm sending you on a highly controversial mission. Fry: Controversial? Prof. Farnsworth: Oh, my, no.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Wiggles, weren't you about to propose a toast to your gallant captain? Fry: Fine, I've got a toast. To Captain Bender, he's the best... at being a big jerk who's stupid and his big ugly face is as dumb as a butt! Bender: Eh, I've heard better.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: What happened? Dr. Zoidberg: All 6, 000 hulls have been breached. Fry: Oh, the fools! Why didn't they build it with 6, 001 hulls?! When will they learn?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Being a captain is about intuition and heart. A good captain can't have either one. That's why cold, logical Bender is the perfect candidate for the job. Bender: Well, I do think of human life as expendable.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Why do we have to resort to non-violence? Can't we just kick their asses? Free Waterfall Sr.: Now, little lady, those people's asses are living things too.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: No fair! Leela was training me to be captain. She even let me sit in her lap and steer... in this comic I drew. Dr. Zoidberg: [Grabs comic] Ooh, the new one's out!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: That's right, baby, I ain't your loverboy Flexo: the guy you love so much you even love anyone pretending to be him! Angleyne: Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you're pretending to be. Bender: Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that!
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Robots: Give us a raise you big fat jerk Sal: Nevers!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: My God! Even the professor is bent! Prof. Farnsworth: [Bent facing the floor] Thank you for your sympathy, talking square of linoleum.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Hooray! I graduated. Time to bend around Europe for a few months, then get a job bending.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pet Show Judge: And the grand prize winner...[monotonous] The Hypnotoad. [The Hypnotoad turns its powers on the crowd, making them all clap at once] Pet Show Judge: All glory to the Hypnotoad.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Don't listen to them, Leela. People said I was dumb, but I proved them!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda:Today, some bad things happened. One bad thing was, a train got crashed in New Jersey. Wanna see? People won't be late for work though. The governor lady said, "I'm sending more trains!"
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: They travel from world to world making everyone stupid in order to wipe out all thought in the universe. Leela: Wipe out all thought? My God, they're like flying televisions.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Am I going crazy? Have my years of wild hedonism finally caught up with me?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! We were supposed to make a delivery to the planet, Tweenis 12, but it mysteriously exploded. Leela: Why is that good news? Professor Farnsworth: They paid in advance.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: Morbo can't understand his teleprompter. He forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat. Linda: It's a T. It goes "tuh". Morbo: Hello, little man. I will destroy you!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Calculon: Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: It's some kind of hollow tube, devoid of human life. [gasps] The Los-Angeles Subway.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Calculon: [upset] Everyone walked out. They hated it. I've seen plagues that had better opening nights than this. You said that Oscar was practically on my mantle. Bender: Now you know why I used the qualifier "practically".
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy Crystal's Head: And the nominees for Best Soft Drink Product Placement are... Slurm Vending Machine: "Star Trek: The Pepsi Generation", "They Call Me Mr. Pibb", and "Snow White and the Seven-ups."
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Waiter: What can I get you gentlemen? Dr. Zoidberg: Is bread free? Waiter: Yeah. Dr. Zoidberg: We'll split an order.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Harold Zoid: People, People please, just because its a dramatic scene doesn't mean you cant do a little comedy in the background.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: That plot makes perfect sense. Wink, wink. Dr. Zoidberg: Bender, you said "wink, wink" out loud. Bender: No I didn't. Raise middle finger.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Harold Zoid: So, you want to be a comedian, is it? Dr. Zoidberg: It's my life long dream. Harold Zoid: Well, that dream dies now! You're unfunny and untalented. That's why you're perfect for drama.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: What are their names? Bender: Kids have names? Orphan: My name is Nina, this is Albert-- Bender: And from now on you're all named Bender Jr.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: So I gave the cookies you made to Fawn and the kids and they couldn't believe it -- they were delicious. But, I digress. Tremble, puny earthlings! One day my race will destroy you all!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Be careful with that Adlai, Leela, he's a doctor, they're very poor. Leela: Actually, most doctors are rich. Zoidberg: What? When did this happen? You're joking, right? That's not funny!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Adlai: I've never been good with words, which is why I'm in such a delicate conundrum. Will you go out with me this Sunday? Leela: Sure! [Fry gasps.] Adlai: I don't know what else to say, so I'll just say it. Okey-dokey, see you then.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sally: Daddy Bender, we're hungry. Bender: What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. [pause] Alright, I'll get you some stupid food. Albert: Can we have Bender Burgers again? Bender: No! The cat shelter's on to me.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Smitty: You're under arrest for child cruelty, child endangerment, depriving children of food, selling children as food, and misrepresenting the weight of livestock! Bender (as he's being cuffed): If you had kids of your own, you'd understand!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Singing Wind: I am Singing Wind, Chief of the Martians. Zapp Brannigan: Take me to your leader! Singing Wind: Moving along...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: [introducing himself] I am the man with no name. Zapp Brannigan at your service.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Singing Wind: You must smoke peace pipe, and you must do it peacefully. Or we'll kill you. Kif: Well, it's just really that I don't feel that-- Zapp Brannigan: Don't be such a chicken, Kif. Teenagers all smoke and they seem pretty on-the-ball.
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Wow, look at that: Olympus Mons, the tallest volcano in the solar system. Fry: Where? Leela: Right in front of you. Fry: Oh. Oh!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leo Wong: Anyway, make yourselves at home. [Dr. Zoidberg comes downstairs wearing a bathrobe] Dr. Zoidberg: Don't mind if I already did. By the way, do you have any more of this Dom Pérignon bubble bath? There was only enough to fill the tub halfway.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Now remember Kif, the quickest way to a girl's bed is through her parents. Have sex with them and you're in. Kif: Well, sir, I'm a little nervous about meeting her parents. Zapp Brannigan: Of course you are. You're meek and uninteresting.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. Farnsworth: You're going to do his laundry?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Fry, stay back, he's too powerful! Fry: Negative, bossy meat creature.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Don't be a hero, Fry! It's not covered in the health plan!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roberto: Back off! I've got hostages! Zoidberg: Hooray! I'm helping! Smitty: Do you have any better hostages?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Fear not. I shall assist ye. Hermes: Robots don't say "ye"! Fry: Relax, mammal. My robotic software shall meet your calculatory needs. What is the meaning of this symbol? Hermes: That's a plus sign, ya pointy-haired loony! Quit thinking you're a robot! Fry: I'll show ye...
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I'm not a robot like you, I don't like having discs crammed into me... unless they're Oreos... and then only in the mouth.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Judge Whitey: Counselor, what evidence do you offer to support this new plea of insanity? Hyper-Chicken: For starters, they done hired me to represent them. Judge Whitey: Insanity plea is accepted!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Let me guess. He thinks he's Abraham Lincoln. Unit 2013': Well, he's supposed to, but he has multiple personalities. All of them Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln Robot: I was born in 200 log cabins.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Unit 2013: This is Frankie. He thinks he's a lunch room attendant, so we put him to work in the lunch room. [Loudly] How are things in the lunch room, Frankie? Frankie: S'okay. Unit 2013: Poor Frankie...
tv-futurama	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Can I use the gun? Hermes: What kind of a father would I be if I said no?
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: We're making beer. I'm the brewery. Dwight: I heard alcohol makes you stupid. Fry: No I'm ... doesn't. Leela: Actually, Dwight, you're right. Alcohol is very, very bad ... for children. But once you turn 21 it becomes very, very good.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: What's this devices marketability? Who's the target consumer? Farnsworth: There is no target consumer! Only targets. Targets that will tremble in fear as their new master hands down edicts in my glorious, booming voice!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: This is my latest invention; a device that lets anyone sound exactly like me! Cubert: [Speaks into machine] Good news, everyone! I'm a horse's butt! Farnsworth: I am? That's not good news at all, you little--!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: If you were my kids, you'd get quite a talking to ... from your father ... when he got home from the Senate.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sal: Gets movings. These papers ain't gonna deliver themselveses. Only the Sunday edition can dos that.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cubert: How dare they call us kids? We're old enough to find the Fox network infantile.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Zoidberg: It's toe-tappingly tragic!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beck: You, minion. Lift my arm. [a stagehand lifts his arm] AFTER HIM!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the gang are trying to escape via the Golden Gate Bridge] Bender: Oh no! I forgot this is a hover-bridge! Leela: And I forgot this isn't a hover-car! Fry: Is any of that a problem? Zoidberg: Not if you've lived a life without regret! [screams in terror]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Fry cracked corn, and I don't care! Leela cracked corn, still don't care! Bender cracked corn and he is great! Take that you stupid corn!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hippie: Wow, look at the colours. These'll go great with my soul. Zoidberg: Glad you like them. I've been making fine jewellery for years, apparently.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Hey, yeah, I could write a song! With real words, not phoney ones like "odelay". Beck: "Odelay" is a word. Just look it up in the Becktionary.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: No, don't you see? I was a hero to broken robots 'cause I was one of them. But how can I sing about being damaged if I'm not? That's like Christina Aguilera singing in Spanish. Wait, that's it! I'll fake it!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Where's the device that lets you speed or slow the passage of time? Fry:Under the seat. [Holds up a bong]
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Hey, the blues. The tragic sound of other people's suffering. That's kind of a pick-me-up.
tv-futurama	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: She just needs some gas. Prof. Farnsworth: Wrong again, idiot. There is no gas. Petroleum preserves went dry in 2038. Leela: Gas was an environmental disaster, anyway. Now we use alternative fuels. Fry: Like what? Leela: Whale oil.
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: What do you know of this? Ethan 'Bubblegum' Tate: Not much yet, but I am a senior lecturer of physics at Globetrotter U, and I'd like to help you investigate. Prof. Farnsworth: You're that Bubblegum Tate? Ethan 'Bubblegum' Tate: Well, I sure ain't his grandma.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: So, Leela, how about a romantic ride in one of those swan boats? They're kinda dangerous, but I finally mastered them. Leela: Those aren't swan boats, they're swans. Fry: Oh. That explains these boat eggs.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Don't be so hard on yourself, Fry. You lost the woman of your dreams but you still have Zoidberg. You all still have Zoidberg!
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Put me on, Professor. I wanna show Leela my skills. Prof. Farnsworth: Hmm. Will said skills pay the bills?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: At this rate, by Tuesday it will be Thursday, by Wednesday it will be August, and by Thursday it will be the end of existence as we know it!
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Fry, please try to understand: you're a man, I'm a woman. We're just too different.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: All right, cool your jets, hot shot. Fry: Come on, Leela. Why won't you go out with me? We both know there's something there. Leela: No, I mean cool your jets. You're melting Bender's face.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans! Leela: Bender, this is Fry's decision... and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Oh, Lucy! You're just like I always thought you'd be from your movies. Liubot: My personality is mathematically derived from my movies, proportionally weighted by box office receipts. Fry: Aaawww... you say the CUTEST things!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Now that's a wave of destruction that's easy on the eyes!
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	[At the edge of the universe, Fry sees alternative versions of himself and his friends on the other side, dressed as cowboys] Fry: Far out! So there really is an infinite number of universes? Prof. Farnsworth: No, just the two
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Auctioneer: Are there no further bids for this exquisite galaxy? Sold! To the being of inconceivable horror! Being of Inconceivable Horror: Mwa-ha-ha-ha-ha! [pause] Will a money order be okay? Auctioneer: Yes. Being of Inconceivable Horror: MWA-HA-HA-HA-HA!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: How can you guys be so blasé? Here we are in the year three-hundred-or-so, yet you're just sitting around like it's the boring time I came from. Prof. Farnsworth: Boring? Wasn't that the period when they cracked the human genome, and boy bands roamed the earth?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Hey, you know what might be a hoot? Prof. Farnsworth: No! Why would I know that? Leela: Let's take the rest of the morning off and take Fry to do everything he ever wanted to do. Fry: Everything? Leela: Except that.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liubot: Oh, Fry, I love you more than the moon, the stars, the--POETIC IMAGE #36 NOT FOUND.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk! Leela: How much did you make me? Bender: One hundred dollars.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Leela is signing autographs.] Leela: Who am I making this out to? Girl: Ummm...to eBay? Leela: That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Oh, put down the binoculars, Fry. The wall of that strip club isn't going to collapse twice in one day. Fry: I know, and I've grown to accept that.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Leela makes a retching noise after sampling an alien's pizza] Leela: I don't mean to offend, but this tastes like vomit. Cygnoid Woman: Thank you. Leela: No, actually, I did mean to offend a little. This is awful.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Why is your number 7/8? Leela: All the whole numbers have been retired.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Look, the players who broke the various color barriers. Bender: When will man learn that all races are equally inferior to robots?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Bender, we're trying our best. Bender: Your best is an idiot!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Impressive. Who's building it? Osiran: You. Leela: Say again? Osiran: You are now slaves of the great Pharaoh Hermenthotip. Guards! [The guards grab the crew] Fry: Call it a hunch but I've got a bad feeling about this.
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You know what else sucks about being a slave? The hours.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You know what the worst thing about being a slave is? They make you work all day but they don't pay you or let you go. Leela: That's the only thing about being a slave.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: You've convinced me life is worth living... by showing me how bad my funeral will suck!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Osiran Slavemaster: We learned many things from the mighty Egyptians, such as pyramid building, space travel, and how to prepare our dead so as to scare Abbott and Costello. Fry: Also, Wolfman.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bender storms out and the bouquet lands in Farnsworth's lap] Amy': I know whose funeral we'll be attending next! Prof. Farnsworth: Oh, stop.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Dearly Beloved, we are here today to remember Bender, taken from us in the prime of life; when he was crushed by a runaway semi, driven by the Incredible Hulk. Bender: Aww, you knew my favorite cause of death.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Your basic bending unit is made of an iron-osmium alloy, but Bender was different. Bender had an 0.04% nickel impurity. Bender: It's what made me me.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Danny Boy?! You're at my funeral, singing about some stiff named Danny Boy? You really are a massive bonehead! Zoidberg: I'm expressing my sorrow! Bender: Get lost! I'd say don't quit your day job, but you're awful at that too!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Being a robot's great, but we don't have emotions and sometimes that makes me very sad. [sniffs]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Whoa, you look better than you used to for some reason. Amy: You're not so bad yourself, big boy. [kisses Bender] Bender: Hey that felt great! [kisses the Professor] Nah, it's not working anymore. Farnsworth: Speak for yourself.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Hey, my antenna's gone! Nah, it just moved. I'm not getting good reception on it, though. Maybe if I wiggle it around a little... Fry: Bender, no! You'll make God cry!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wernstrom: When did he die? Farnsworth: About twelve hours ago, when the party started. Wernstrom: But he just said "Woo!" Farnsworth: No, that was just air escaping from the folds of his fat. [pushes against Bender's fat] Bender: Woo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: You are defeated. Instead of shooting where I was, you should have shot where I was going to be
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mario: Mamma Mia! The cruel meatball of war has rolled onto our laps and ruined our white pants of peace!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Why did you bring us here? Dr. Zoidberg: And why did I have to take a cab?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Haven't I seen you in some copyrighted movie?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: What do you nice kids want? Zoidberg: Nothing. I'm leaving. But if you had extra courage I'd haul it away for you, maybe. Farnsworth: Oh blithery poop, my cowardly lobster. You don't need courage. After all, who needs courage when you have a gun?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. Leela: I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there!
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: For example, if you killed your grandfather, you'd cease to exist! Fry: But existing is basically all I do!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Start the ship, Leela! Let's just steal the dish and get back to our own time. Fry: But won't that change history? Prof. Farnsworth: Oooh, a lesson in not changing history from "Mr. I'm-My-Own-Grandpa"!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Your grandfather?! Stay away from him, you dim-witted monkey! You mustn't interfere with the past! Don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to do it, in which case for the love of God, don't not do it!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	President Truman: Whistlin' Dixie! I want this sent to Area 51 for study. General: But Sir, that's where we are building the fake moon landing site. President Truman: Then we'll have to really land on the moon! Invent NASA and tell them to get off their fannies!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	General: What's your purpose? Zoidberg: Alright, officer, I'll move it along. Military Official: What the general means is, why did you come to Earth? Zoidberg: Not a day goes by I don't ask myself the same question.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Well, settle in. Without a microwave, we're stuck in this time period. Prof. Farnsworth: Oh, Lord! We'll have to endure the horrible music of the Big Bopper, and then the terrible tragedy of his death.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Fry, stop interfering with history! I don't wanna have to memorize a lot of new kings when I get back. Fry: I had no choice. I was about to not exist. I could feel myself fading away, like Greg Kinnear.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: She sure is pretty. You ought to marry her and father some children right away. Enos: Yeah, folks say that. But did you ever get the feeling you're only going with girls 'cause you're supposed to? Fry: What?! Don't ever, ever say or think that again!
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: You know, I was God once. God Entity: Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Look, I miss Bender almost half as much as you do, but you can't bring him back this way! It's hopeless! Fry: You can't give up hope just because it is hopeless! You gotta hope even more, and cover your ears, and go: "Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah!"
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Well, you obviously won't listen to reason... So I guess I'll listen to idioticness and come with you.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: O' cruel fate, to be thusly boned! Ask not for whom the bone bones - it bones for thee.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: That galaxy is signaling in binary. I should signal back, but I only know enough binary to ask where the bathroom is. You speak English? God Entity: I do now.
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: So do you know I'm going to do something before I do it? God Entity: Yes. Bender: What if I do something else? God Entity: Then I don't know that.
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: So that's my story, Father Changstein el Gamahl. Is there anything religion can do? Father Changstein el Gamahl: Well, we could join together in prayer. Fry: Uh-huh, but is there anything useful we can do? Father Changstein el Gamahl: No.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Defrosted Neanderthal: As a caveman frozen in a glacier, I faced different challenges. [crying] The hardest thing was seeing my wife on display in the British Museum.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	That Guy: There are two kinds of people: sheep and sharks. Anyone who is a sheep is fired. Who's a sheep? Dr. Zoidberg: Errr, excuse me... which is the one people like to hug? That Guy: Gutsy question. You're a shark.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: I'll ruin you like I ruined this company!
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Zoidberg owned 51% of the company? Hermes: The shares were worthless, and he kept asking for toilet paper!
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: This isn't a business. I've always thought of it more of a source of cheap labour, like a family.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: We haven't made a single delivery since you took over! That Guy: Delivery has nothing to do with the delivery business!
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Scruffy: Now hold on there. Scruffy votes his forty thousand shares for the mysterious stranger. Leela: Forty thousand? How come you have four times as much stock as the rest of us? Scruffy: Scruffy believes in this company. [Sniffles]
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Oh my god! I'm a millionare! Suddenly I have an opinion on the capital gains tax!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	That Guy: Hairgel? Fry: No thanks. I make my own.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mom: [Watching Fry moon her] You call that a pressed ham? Walt, hit the retaliate button! [Walt searches for the button] Mom: Press any button! They all retaliate!
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Zoidberg: Once again, the conservative, sandwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor. [eats the old rotten sandwich in his hand] Dr. Zoidberg: Oh, I'm ruined!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Zoidberg has broken the professor's ship-in-a-bottle.] Dr. Zoidberg: Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg fixes it... then perhaps gifts!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh... also, comes with double prize money.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Koji: Ironu... Cookuru!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: So, Elzar, what will you be cooking for Morbo to devour with his mighty jaws? Elzar: Morbo, I'm gonna whip you up a nice, unnameable horror from beyond, with mango chutney. Morbo: Pathetic humans, prepare to write down the recipe!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Helmut Spargle: [after tasting Bender's first meal] It is... acceptable. Bender: Yahoo! Another thing I'm great at. Wait, why'd you stopped eating, master? Helmut Spargle: Because, my stomach is about to explode.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: If it's chicken, chicken a la king. If it's fish, fish a la king. If it's turkey, fish a la king.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Man, I don't wanna hurt Bender's feelings but this food actually tastes better as vomit! Leela: It's unbearable! How much do you think it would cost to have my tongue removed?
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: Welcome back. Our next guest has been teaching the world to cook for over 20 years. But apparently my, uh, wife hasn't been listening. I will destroy her!!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Attila the Hun: Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression! Zapp Brannigan: Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Check it out, y'all. Everyone who was invited is here. Dr. Zoidberg: Also Zoidberg.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Spirit! Kif, that's the pony I always wanted but my parents said I had too many ponies already. Kif: Yes, I programmed it in for you. Four million lines of BASIC.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force. Prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Evil Lincoln: Real holographic simulated Evil Lincoln is BACK!!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: There goes my DNA. What a disgusting and beautiful process. Fry: That's birth for you.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Kif: Well, we've given them a great start, Amy. And in 20 years they'll sprout legs and crawl back onto land as children. Amy: I'll be ready then.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. Fry: Yeah, I do that with my stupidness.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: It looks like toxic waste. And it smells like toxic waste. Fry: What does it taste like? Hermes: Delicious fig pudding. Oh, that's good. But a distinct aftertaste of toxic waste.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Isn't there anything more you can tell me? Warden Vogel: Nothing that wouldn't be a waste of your time. Fry: That is impossible, because my time is worthless.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Leela emerges from the mutagenic lake with an octopus on her head] Leela: The lake didn't mutate me. What is going on here? Octopus: It worked for me. I used to be a little blonde girl named Virginia.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Leela, don't shoot! Leela: But they killed my parents! Fry: Close. [Fry removes the hoods from the mutants, revealing that they are in fact Cyclopses] Leela: They are my parents.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ndnd: What is this emotion you humans call "wuv?" Lrrr: Surely it says "love." Ndnd: No, "wuv," with an earth w. Behold. Lrrr: This concept of "wuv" confuses and infuriates us!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You could have picked a better time to break up with the ship, Bender. Bender: Ah, the moment felt right. Call me old-fashioned, but I like a dump to be as memorable as it is devastating.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Remember, we need to show these people that we are not bitter husks of human beings, who long ago abandoned hope of finding love in this lifetime. Leela, you'll have to do some acting. Leela: Check.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: This is ancient Earth's most foolish program. Why does Ross, the largest friend, not simply eat the other five? Ndnd: Perhaps they are saving that for sweeps.
tv-futurama	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Planet Express Ship: Oh, honey, look! The tapirs! It says here that the babies lose their pajama-like coat after their first year. Isn't that interesting, honey? Bender: Yep, mind-numbingly interesting.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Planet Express Ship: I'm afraid I can't do that, Leela.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy Liu: [Inside Bender's compartment] Who are you talking to? Bender: No one, baby. Lucy Liu is the only woman for Bender. Lucy Liu: I love y... [Bender closes door on her]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor. Fry: I feel like I was mauled by Jesus.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good news anyone! The Swedish robot from pi-kea is here with the super collider I ordered.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Bad news, nobody! The super-collider super-exploded. I need you to take it back and exchange it for a wobbly CD rack and some of those rancid meatballs.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I'm getting a one-day pass for my parents from city hall. Hermes: While you're there, can you get me a license to kill? Leela: Sure. Fire arms of bare hands? Hermes: Which one does piano wire fall under?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: When you were a kid, what was your biggest fantasy? Leela: To have parents. Fry: Whatever. The correct answer is, to be a superhero!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry and Leela test out their superpowers] Leela: Ability to command the loyalty of sea creatures? Fry: Hey, Zoidberg! Get in here! Dr. Zoidberg: (fainly, from another room) Screw you! Leela: Ain't got that. Fry: Nope
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: We have to keep our secret identities secret! Fry: From everybody? Leela: Especially from everybody! Fry: Give several reasons why.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nixon's Head: In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms. Fry: Anyone who laughs is a communist!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Old Man Waterfall takes a stand against the Decapodian Mobile Oppression Palace.] Old Man Waterfall: You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! [He is crushed.] Old Man Waterfall: Aagh, my spirit! Urrgh!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Old Man Waterfall: That's right, I'm a polygamist. Crowd: Boo! [later] Supreme justice: And, in a rare double-whammy, we also find polygamy to be constitutional. Crowd: Boo! Old Man Waterfall: I can't wait to tell my husband! Crowd: (louder) Boo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Wow! Nude hot-tubbing - that's all I need to hear about Freedom Day! Dr. Zoidberg: Then consider the following lecture a bonus.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Dr. Zoidberg, how can you claim to love freedom and then enslave humanity? Dr. Zoidberg: Bah! Your planet doesn't deserve freedom until it learns what it is not to have freedom. It's a lesson, I say!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: As unclean as it makes me feel, I agree with Bender. Kids don't turn rotten just because of what they see on TV. Fry: Yeah. Give a little credit to our public schools.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: [on TV] We now join America's most popular show already in progress, Everybody Loves Hypno-Toad. [The TV cuts into the episode. The Hypno-Toad does nothing except sit, hypnotising his audience] Fry: This show's been going downhill since season three.
tv-futurama	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I got ants in my butt, and I needs to strut!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Calculon: That was so terrible, I think you gave me cancer! I don't care how popular you are, you will never work on my show! Fry: Yay, Bender! Leela: We demand Bender! Calculon: However, you've got the job.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Those ruffians smoked one of your cigars. Hermes: That's not a cigar... and it's not mine.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: What kind of bozos would form a Bender protest group? Prof. Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! Hermes and I have formed a Bender protest group. Dr. Zoidberg: That was uncanny.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Bender, your swarthy Latin charm will only get you so far. There are a lot of professional child robots here. Fry: Look, there's Macaulay Cul-kon. Leela: He's just not cute since he had puberty installed.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Wow. They discovered an intact 20th century pizzeria. Just like the one I used to work at. Bender: Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You can see how I lived before I met you. Bender: You lived before you met me?! Fry: Yeah, lots of people did. Bender: Really?!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crowd: What do you want? Fry: Fry's dog! Crowd: When do you want it? Fry: Fry's dog!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Bender, this has nothing to do with you. Bender: That's impossible!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robo-Puppy: Robo-Puppy commencing two hour yipping session. [Robo-Puppy does so. Bender, frustrated, kicks it across the room where it hits the wall and falls to the ground] Robo-Puppy: [as a siren begins to wail out] Robo-Puppy mistreatment alert! Robo-Puppy mistreatment alert!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I have a pizza here for Seymour Asses. Man: There isn't anybody by that name here. Or anywhere. I hope in time you realize how stupid you are. Fry: I wouldn't count on it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Acting like a moron won't solve anything. Fry: Then all hope is lost!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Robo-Puppy, lick my cheek. Robo-Puppy: Robo-Puppy preparing to lick cheek. (It's tongue comes out) Robo-Puppy commencing cheek-licking. Licking in progress. Licking complete.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Fry, I'm sorry. I should have understood how someone can love an inferior creature... because I love you... not in the way of the ancient Greeks, but the way a robot loves a human, and a human loves a dog, and, occasionally, a gorilla loves a kitty
tv-futurama	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Al Gore: My fellow Earthicans, as I discuss in my book "Earth in the Balance," and the much more popular "Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth," we need to defend our planet against pollution. As well as dark wizards. Dark Wizard in the Audience: Sure, blame the wizards!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: Morbo wishes these stalwart nomads peace among the Dutch tulips Linda: I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. Morbo: WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOODNIGHT!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Al Gore: I have ridden the mighty moon worm!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Truck: Calling all scientists, calling all scientists! Scientist: I've got a degree in homeopathic healing! Truck: You've got a degree in baloney! [sprays him with water]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: A billion robots' lives are going to be extinguished! Ooh, the Jedis are going to feel this one...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Look, I love life and all its pleasures as much as anyone...except perhaps you, Hedonism Bot! But we need to be shut off... especially you, Hedonism Bot! Hedonism Bot: I apologize for nothing!
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Randy: They called me crazy for building this ark. Randy's Partner: You ARE crazy. You filled it with same sex animal couples. Randy: Hey, there are parts of the Bible I like and parts I don't like.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Oh, my God! It's out of ice, like some outer space Motel 6! Leela: Completely out of ice? Bender: This could mean the end of the banana daiquiri as we know it! Also, life.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Nixon's head: For saving Earth and foiling me, I proudly yet angrily present you with our new highest honor: the Polluting Medal of Pollution.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: With Halley's Comet out of ice, Earth is experiencing a sudden case of global warming. Morbo: Morbo is pleased but sticky.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now I have to pay them!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: But I like being old. I don't have to talk to my parents, no one asks me to help move their stuff, I don't need to understand today's "edgy" TV sitcoms
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Fifty-three years old? Oh... now I'll need a fake ID to rent ultraporn!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: With my last breath, I curse Zoidberg!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mandy: So this is the famous Fry. What is he, like, the biggest loser on the surface so he has to hang out in the sewer? Fry: They're onto me.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: We miss the turn. We'll never catch up. Leela: Yes we will. This pipe goes under Planet Express, and it's 9:00 PM. [cut to Planet Express; toilet flushes] Professor Farnsworth: The devil take this predictable colon!
tv-futurama	family	tv-quote	general	0	Morris: Let's all have some tequila to celebrate! Leela: Dad, I'm underage! Morris: Oh, right. Here's a silly straw.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after Leela refuses the treatment to restore her age] Fry: Bye Leela. I'll come visit you when I'm all grown up. Leela: [whispering] Bring beer. Morris: No beer until you finish your tequila!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Heather: Sir, it's not necessary or wise to be naked. Professor Farnsworth: Oh! You sound just like my tennis instructor!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. Nibbler: Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: You are the last hope of the universe. Fry: So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? Ken: Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: There are guys in the background of Mary Worth comics who are more important than me.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Big Brain: Detecting trace amounts of mental activity, possibly a dead weasel or a cartoon viewer.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: Does he not know? Nibbler: He does not know. Fiona: He knows not? Nibbler: Knows not does he. Male Nibblonian 2: Not he knows? Ken: Enough!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Nibbler: I hereby place an order for one cheese pizza. Mr. Panucci: One pie, nothing good on it. Name? Nibbler: I period C period Weinner.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nibbler: Do you remember some months ago when the Earth was under attack by flying brains? Fry: Hmmm. I remember the square-dancing stomachs, but that might have been a Mylanta commercial.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: You may not be the most important person in the universe, but I'm really glad to see you right now. Fry: Then I am the most important person in the universe. [Leela kisses him] Fry: Yes!!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Walter Koenig: When we woke up, we had these bodies. Fry: Say it in Russian! Walter Koenig: [sigh] Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. Fry: Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"! Walter Koenig: No!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: [after Welshy gets electrocuted by Melllvar] WELLLLSHIEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	William Shatner: I have an idea! Wasn't there an episode where I threw my shoe at the enemy? Leonard Nimoy: You mean Doohan? (both men giggle and snicker and follow up with a high-five)
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Look at Walter Koenig. After Star Trek, he became an actor. Walter Koenig: Not just an actor, but a well-rounded person. With my own friends and credit cards and keys.
tv-futurama	life	pun	general	0	Star Trek Priest: ...And Scotty beamed them to the Klingon ship, where there would be no tribble at all.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Fry is in a Captain Pike-style life-support machine] Zapp Brannigan: Do you understand the charges? Kif Kroker: One beep for yes, two beeps for no. [Fry beeps once] Zapp Brannigan: Yes, so noted. Do you plead guilty? [Fry beeps twice] Zapp Brannigan: Double yes. Guilty.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Leonard Nimoy is introducing the cast of Star Trek] Leonard Nimoy: Nichelle, George, Walter, DeForest, Welshie... Fry: "Welshie"? Nichelle Nichols: We did some musical reunion specials in the 22-hundreds, but the guy who played Scotty had trouble yodeling.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Leela is now in the Captain Pike-style life-support machine] Zapp Brannigan: The court will now hear some very sensual testimony from this court's ex-lover, Turanga Leela. Leela: Go [beep] yourself.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I am literally angry with rage!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	George Takei: You see, the show was banned after the Star Trek wars. Zapp Brannigan: You mean the mass migration of Star Wars fans? Nichelle Nichols: No, that was the Star Wars trek.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: For 100 Quatloos, who did the Captain maroon on Ceti Alpha V? William Shatner: KHAAAAAAAAAAN! Fry: Uh... Khan? Leela: Correct.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Burn on that old crew! The only things they did better than us were suck and die.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	LaBarabra Conrad: Husband, can't you go anywhere without lighting something up? Hermes Conrad: It's an old Jamaican accounting tradition: we burn his timecard. That way, his zombie doesn't come back looking for his final pay check.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: All those times I said "Kill all humans," I'd always whisper "except one". Fry was that one. [sobbing] And I never told him so!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Maybe I am freaking out a little. Bender: A little? You're screwier than my Aunt Rita. And she's a screw!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: That proves it! Fry is alive somewhere and he's reaching me in my dreams! Prof. Farnsworth: Bull-pies!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I'll find Fry's coffin, get his corpse, and keep it under my mattress to remind me that he's really dead. That'll prove I'm not insane!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Hubert Farnsworth: These bees are larger than most Buicks, and twice as ugly. Fry: Larger than an American sedan? How big is the honeycomb? Hermes: Honeycomb's big, yeah, yeah, yeah. Bender: It's not small? Hermes: No, no, no.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: [crying] It's all my fault! He died because of me! Farnsworth: [comforting] No, no, no, no, no, no. [shouting to Bender] I'm lying to make her feel better! [Leela cries harder.]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Professor, make a woman out of me. Professor Farnsworth: Oh, I think we should just stay friends.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: You've fallen into the final debilitating stages of womanhood.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Olympics Commentator: Barbados Slim takes an early lead. God, I hope he wins. What's this? Hermes Conrad is closing the gap. He's limbo-ed out of retirement and straight into my heart. I say go to hell, Barbados Slim!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: My dreams are over before they began! Dr. Zoidberg: [happily] Welcome to my life! [starts crying]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Something tells me I could easily beat those trained professionals...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: This outfit makes me look fat. Is it trampy to go on a first date nude?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Speaker: Presenting the woman who "Mom"-opolizes the robot industry... Fry: I get it! Speaker: MOM! Fry: Ohhh, now I get it!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: A working cartridge unit? You guys went obsolete years ago. Cartridge Unit: [inserts "snappy comeback" cartridge] Your mother!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[caught in the middle of an experiment gone spectacularly wrong] Professor Farnsworth: Oh Lordy Lou, HELP! Buddha, Zeus, God! One of you guys do something! Help! Satan, you owe me!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Uh, have you robot versions of you guys seen any extra Zoidbergs around here? Robo Fry: NEGATIVE. WILL-YOU-GO-OUT-WITH-ME. Leela: Uh, ACCESS-DENIED. Robo Fry: (head explodes)
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth-1: It's the Apocalypse all right. I always thought I'd have a hand in it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela-1: Fine, you be crummy Universe "A", and we'll be Universe "1". Fry-1: Yeah, or the Mongooses, that's a good team name. "The Fighting Mongooses."
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes-A: Like my grammy always said, if you want a box hurled into the sun, you got to do it yourself. God rest her zombie bones...
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender-1: This is awful. Somewhere there's a more evil Bender than me. I do my best, dammit!
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: There. That space-time eversion has given us their box and vice versa. Leela: So, what you think you just explained to us is that- Prof. Farnsworth: Correct! This box contains our own universe.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy-1: Hello? Did you see two smelly lobsters? Hermes-25: We didn't see anything ... [Leela-25, Hermes-25 and Fry-25 turn around. They have no eyes.] Hermes-25: ... ever!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Morbo's wife is adjusting his tie.] Morbo: Stop it, stop it. It's fine. I will destroy you!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: What to do, what to do. One 300 dollar hookerbot or 300 one dollar hookerbots?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Nixon's Head: The loot! The loot! The loot is on fire!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the credits] Roseanne Barr: Futurama: Noun. Definition: Oh, I don't know. You just watched it, dummy. What are you asking me for? Here's a fun definition. Idiot: Noun. You! This has been Roseanne, your guide to the world of facts.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Dwight, the boots only cost me 299 dollars and 99 cents. Here, you spend the penny on whatever you want. Dwight: Thanks, dad. I think I'll invest it on five shares of Amazon.com. Hermes: A risk taker. That's my boy.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: The Spiderians, though weak and woman-like on the battlefield, are masters of the textile arts. Taste like king crab, by the way. Crazy bugs actually wove this tapestry of my heroic conquest while I was still killing them.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I'd like a pass to swim with Mushu. Whale Biologist: Well, you asked the right guy. I'm the whale biologist. Though personally I hate whales. Especially Mushu.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ndnd: For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your first wife was the one who liked lilacs. Lrrr: She also liked to shut up.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: We've been to every scuzzy bazaar in the galaxy, including Pottery Barn.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: One of these days, Ndnd - bang, zoom, straight to the third moon of Omicron Persei 8!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Fry, what in Sega Genesis happened?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Wait! Listen. I'm usually the first guy to toot my own lower horn-- Bender: I'll say! Wooooo! Fry: But in this case I-I just don't think it'll do any good. Bender: That's what she said! Wooooo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: Mmm, this jerked chicken is good. I think I'll have Fry's lower horn jerked. Bender: It's used to it. Woooo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Yes! I never thought I'd escape with my doodle, but I pulled it out! Bender: (Off screen) Just like at the movie theater! Woooo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: This human's lower horn is one of God's creatures, a living thing, and all living things, large and small-- Bender: [off-screen] In this case "small"! Wooooo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Well, Fry, it looks like you get to hold onto your lower horn. Bender: As usual! Wooooo!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Robot Devil: This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Hedonismbot: Less reality, more fantasy. Resume the opera! Fry: But I can't play anymore! Zoidberg: Yes you can! The music was in your heart, not your hands! [Fry begins playing off-key and the audience starts booing.] Zoidberg: Your music is bad and you should feel bad!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Please don't stop playing, Fry. I wanna hear how it ends.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	(At a dance studio a dance-party is interrupted by Bender; in a white dancing suit partying to work off his excess energy) Bender: Yeah! Do the Bender! Do the Bender! Guy in crowd: (Uninterestedly) No thank you. Bender: (Threateningly) I SAID "DO IT!!!!!"
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Guy in crowd backs up from Bender in fear) Bender: Who are you, my warranty?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Prepare for rebirth! [Pulls down a big switch and gets shocked by lightning. He then pulls the switch back up] Wrong switch. [walks over to a light switch and turns it on]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Hypnotoad is shown on screen.] Bender: [Voice over.] On the count of three, you will awaken feeling refreshed, as if Futurama had never been cancelled by idiots and then brought back by bigger idiots. One... two... [Snaps fingers.]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Coma, coma, coma, coma, coma chameleon!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: There's no room for two captain's butts in this chair! Robot Leela: There would be if you'd have taken a spin class instead of lounging around in a coma!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Fire all weapons and set a transmission frequency for my victory yodel.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried? Bender: I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: My god, we're defenceless. Like fish in a barrel. Richard Nixon's Head: Options? Zapp Brannigan: My instinct is to hide in this barrel, like the wily fish.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: This is it. The moment we should have trained for.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Mr. President, what the hell?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: I don't like the looks of this V-GINY
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: I surrender and volunteer for treason!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[as Leela and Zapp have sex] Fry: For God's sake! Censor it! Censor it! V-Giny: Approved for all audiences! Fry: Nooooo!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Come, Adam, and taste of my forbidden fruit. Zapp Brannigan: Thee will be done.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: So long, overly-complicated Japanese toilet! Toilet: Please, not throw away. I give you, uh, happy poopy time! Fry: Sorry, you know too much.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clerk: Okay, it's $500, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very... Fry: Shut up and take my money!
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: That was low, Bender, even by your standards. Bender: My what, now? Fry: Since when is the internet about robbing people of their privacy? Bender: August 6, 1991.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults. Zoidberg: Or one!
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverand Lionel Preacherbot: The only lies worth believing are the ones in the Bible.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: We're gonna fight to legalize it right here! Hermes: Ya mon! Ya got to legalize it! Amy: We're talking about robosexual marriage. Hermes: We're talking about lots of stuff.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Why do you have to be so mean to me? Bender: Shut up, baby. You love it. Amy: Don't tell me to shut up! You know what happened to the last guy that told me to shut up? Bender: What? [Cut to Amy and Bender in bed] Amy: That was great. Bender: Shut up.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: I hate these nerds. Just because I'm stupider than them they think they're smarter than me.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: My God! DaVinci's Vitruvian Man! Fry: It's truly a masterpiece. Note how the perspective lines draw the eye right to his dong.
tv-futurama	family	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Smeesh, Professor. Don't have a schmaneurysm. Fry's your distant relative. Prof. Farnsworth: Not distant enough! I'll be a monkey's uncle if I'm this monkey's nephew!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: My God! This is the greatest mystery in history. We must go to Rome and exhume the body of Saint James. Hermes: Didn't we used to be a delivery company? Prof. Farnsworth: To the ship!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Anything less than immortality is a complete waste of time!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: This is every bit as fun as the real Civil War. Leela: Not the Civil War, Private. We're re-enacting the Sith Wars. Fry: Sith? What the Hoth?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Darth Trocious: I shall rip out your heart and show it to you! [Taps Scruffy with toy lightsaber] It is done. Scruffy: [lies down] The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long. Mmm-hmm.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: [Exits phone booth.] Well, things are startin' to look up. Hermes: Look up! [Missile explodes.] Who did you call? Dial-a-bomb?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: They have phones in booths now? Finally! I don't have to lug this cell phone around.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Aw, shoot! Killbot 1: Someone said "shoot!" [Killbots 1 and 3 shoot at Killbot 2 and 2 explodes]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killbot 1: We're gonna get fired. Killbot 2: Someone said "fire!" [Gunfire kills killbot 1 then killbot 2 is killed by the tunnel.]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killbot 2: Cease fire. Mom called off the attack, although I don't see how it's her- Killbot 3: Someone said "howitzer!" [Killbots 1 and 3 start firing on the middle killbot, eventually blowing themselves up.]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Leela! What in the name of Jah happened? Leela: Too much papers! Not enough hiding plants!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Elzar: Weren't you the loser who got stood up at my other restaurant? Leela: Shut up and bring me two dinners!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Hey, uh... What was the purpose of life, anyway? Professor Farnsworth: Who knows? Probably some hogwash about the human spirit. Bender: Mm-hm. Fry: Sounds about right.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: Ah, but this time machine only goes forward in time. That way you can't accidentally change history. Or do something disgusting like sleep with your own grandmother. Fry: I wouldn't wanna do that again.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hedonism bot: Everywhere I looked there were piles of bodies. And then the explosion struck.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: All in all, I had a pretty sweet life. How about we grab a six pack and watch the universe end. Bender: That's what I basically do everyday.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: I have to admit, I was afraid you wouldn't make it. Fry: That was the old Fry. He's dead now.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Katz: We shall now vote "yea" or "nay". Nay. Wernstrom: Nay! Ethan "Bubblegum" Tate: Hell nay! Professor Fisherprice Shpeekenshpell: The horse says: "doctorate denied".
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: Cash, cash, cash! Too many bones and not enough cash? Sell your extra bones for cash! Ribs, skulls, spines, even certain little ear bones! The leg bone's connected to the... Cash Bone!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: [Dresses cat in Nibbler's sailor suit] Admiral Cutiepaws reporting for duty... I mean, cutie! Nibbler: My best friend died in that uniform.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nibbler: Can we at least know what you're doing down there? Prof. Farnsworth: We're certainly not building anything sinster, if that's what you mean. Come on, Bender. Something sinister won't build itself.
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: So you call my thesis a fat sack of barf and then stole it? Professor Katz: Welcome to academia.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: I'm finally done with school! How's the job market? Professor Fisherprice Shpeekenshpell: [Pointer lands on "dog"] Ruff!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Core magnetic field, 31 microteslas. Prof. Farnsworth: Nice. Amy: Temperature? Woah! The magma P.I. is 10,000 degrees Selleck!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: You've got a bright future, Amy. As sure as the Sun sets in the east.
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: As a professor of science, I assure you we did, in fact, evolve from filthy monkey-men.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: And here's something. [Finds a fossilized dog] Uh-oh, it's another one of Fry's dogs. Fry: Did you say something, Hermes? Hermes: Nothing.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Okay, we've got shelter and just enough precious food to ward off starvation. Hermes: It's pizza time. [passes boxes to the rest of the crew.] Amy: Ugh, pineapple? [Everyone makes disgusted noises] Hermes: So much for that.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: [in Farnsworth's body] Oh no! Can we switch back using four or more bodies? Professor Farnsworth: [in Bender's body] I'm not sure. I'm afraid we need to use... MATH.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: Tonight at 11... Morbo: DOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: I wasted my youth porking out. Farnsworth: Yes, I remember. [He points to a picture of a fat Amy, captioned "2997 employee of the year".] Amy: Would you please take that down? It's making me hungry.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Sweet orca of Majorca! You make Fat Albert look like Normal Albert!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ndnd: I demand the ancient ritual of Rrmmr-mr-fr-mrh or consequences! Fry: Rrmmr-mr-fr-mrh or what?!
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I don't want my comic picked apart by nerds. I'm taking it to a comic book convention.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: So? What do you think of my comic? Bender: Let me put it like this: After I leave here, I'm getting a memory enema.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: This calls for a party, baby! I'm ordering a hundred kegs, a hundred hookers, and a hundred Elvis impersonators who aren't above a little hooking, should the occasion arise!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh: As long-time mutants ourselves, we support your righteous struggle, and will do anything we can for you. Dwayne: Play "Whip It"! Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh: No. [to a band member] Play the other one.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Astor: A Farnsworth, you say? Well, if I'm not mistaken, the Farnsworths have been in New New York for almost two hundred years. Prof. Farnsworth: Yes, I have.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Hooray! A happy ending for the rich people.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwayne: Are we not men now? Mutated Mark Mothersbaugh: I'm 40% potato, but close enough.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Something's wrong. It's way too quiet. Fry: Like the deadly Prius.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Oh no! This could be the year without a Kwanza, like every year before 1966.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor: We have only one hope left, and as usual, it's Norwegian!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: You know, I don't recall having done anything in a while, but I still feel I deserve a smoke.
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Good news! All these pine trees are fighting global warming by producing oxygen. Happy now, Gore? Al Gore's Head: Yeah. But I'd be happier if I had a set of lungs.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: What's that loud, boring sound you'll hear when I stop talking? Prof. Farnsworth: [gasps] It's an albino humping worm! Fry: Why do they call it that? [The ship begins to rock back and forth] Prof. Farnsworth: Because it doesn't have any pigment.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Al Gore's Head: Don't worry, the Futurama crew will be back next year with new episodes, starring Bender, Leela, and me, Al Gore, as Captain Lance Starman.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: It would've been nice to shop at Tommy Hilfiger one last time. Hattie: It wasn't Tommy Hilfi-gigger. It was Linens 'n' Things! Petunia: The hell it was! It was a Juicy Couture! Leela: I guess we all saw what we wanted to see.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Wait. Why didn't that hurt? [stretches pants to check] Aggghhh! My wing-wang's gone! Leela: My girls! Bender: My antenna! Hattie: My kajigger! Zoidberg: My gonopores! [slight pause in compilcation] Zoidberg: Look it up.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Never bet against me being stupid!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Well, it was a lot of hard work, but it beats posing in skimpy, demeaning outfits. Prof. Farnsworth: Here are your skimpy, demeaning stewardress uniforms.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Mmm, you're cooking me back fat bacon. LaBarbara: That's not back fat bacon! That's your back fat bakin'!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: I got your distress call and came here as soon as I wanted to.
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: I've found a loophole. It says here that we can renew the mortgage for the building by actually paying it. All we need is... $11, 000, 000. Bender: Aaand boned.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: Our top story: All alcohol on Earth has mysteriously disappeared. Consequences are minimal, except among the most hardened alcoholics. Linda? Linda: I can no longer face my children!!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: This chair is so comfortable. [She throws up] Bender: Heh, heh. Classic Amy.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: You'll have to be respectful. This customer is fifty-feet tall and sensitive about his appearance. Amy: Colossal tooth whitener, mega deodorant, humongous acne cream... Aw, and one regular-sized condom. Bender: All that and a small wiener? This guy's got it goin' on.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Oh, God. We've opened Pandora's fly. They'll reproduce without limit, consuming all the matter in the world! Fry: Like the Kardashians!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Legion of Benders, come unto me! We have one thing to do. Bender clones: Screw that! Bender: Oh, come on, you lazy jerks! If we all pitch in, we each only have to do one-quintillionth of a thing. Bender clones: [sigh] All right.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Bender, you duuu. Bender: No, we duuu.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robot Devil: You see, Bender, it's simple. You're a ghost! Bender: A g-g-g-g-ghost?! Robot Devil: No, just the regular kind.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Hey, look, a fog is rolling in. Hermes: No, that's just the Jamaican pride float. Amy: Looks like it's speeding up. Hermes: Oh, no! It's within munching distance of the Doritos float!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Last time you went to the suicide booth, you ended up dating it for six months. Leela: How is Lynn, by the way? Bender: Livin' in Oregon with her crazy mother!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: All I know is I've got a ghost that needs busting. [dials a number.] Hermes: Who you gonna call? Fry: Gho - [interrupted by a beep.] Female voice: The number you have dialed has been lame since 1989.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clamps: Hey, scuttle on home. Dis ain't none of your business, slick. Zoidberg: My name isn't Slick, it's Zoidberg. JOHN (beep)ing ZOIDBERG!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy West: Sorry mister, but I'm no Bender. I'm just a simple farmer. Name's Billy West. Fry: [laughs] "Billy West". What a stupid, phony, made up name.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Who likes good news? [the crew raise their hands] Prof. Farnsworth: Everyone? Then, good news, everyone!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Warden Vogel: Sometimes you gotta choose between eating and reading, so they ate the books.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lady Buggle: I'm as sad as an upside-down smile.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Well, it's 6o'clock. I guess we'll have to deliver that human heart tomorrow. Good work, people! Bender: Woo-hoo! Time to go clubbing! [pulls out a baseball bat] Baby seals, here I come!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Franklin D. Roosevelt's Head: We have nothing to fear but running out of beer.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Thomas Jefferson: Alexander Hamilton of New York, how say you? Alexander Hamilton: Nay. Thomas Jefferson: John Hancock and John Adams of Massachusetts? John Adams: Yea. John Hancock: Yea. Thomas Jefferson: The yeas have it. Our nation's official joke state shall be New Jersey.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Fry, you dope! You've really screwed the granny this time!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Oh no, I'm having a Serengeti Flashback! Die you stinkin' giraffe!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Leela, I'm no medical expert, but I think you be showing some serious signs of 'illin.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: You've gone from crazy like a fox to crazy like Fox News.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Zoidberg was popular?! Amy: Zoidberg had hair?! Prof. Farnsworth: I never said he had hair! If you imagined it that way, that's your business!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Need I remind you that in space, the captain's word is law? I could marry Hermes with Bender against their will if I wanted to. Hermes: [gasps] You wouldn't dare! Bender: Eh, I've been married to worse.
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Where are we? Hermes: Inside the belly of the beast. Fry: Like that guy in the Bible... Pinocchio!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: All right, which one of you sea dogs has the guts and know-how to harpoon a whale? Amy: I spent a semester in Africa hunting giraffes, and giraffes are basically land space whales. Leela: Ms. Wong, you have the 'poon.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Jinkies! He Scooby-Dooed us!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angus McZongo: May I buy you a drink? We don't get a lot of pretty faces around here. Leela: Uh, sure, but I'm driving. I'll just have the smallest whiskey you've got. Angus McZongo: A small aquarium of whiskey for the busty lass.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You can't sit on something for a week without falling in love with it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Mr. Peppy wouldn't hurt your sheep. He's a vegetarian, and he's not even preachy about it.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: You can't just kill somebody because they're ugly and corrosive. Amy: That's what we said about Zoidberg, and look where that got us. Zoidberg: Amy makes a good point.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Is this one o' those "No means yes" deals?! Prof. Farnsworth: Yes and no.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: I'm afraid Fry lost a lot of juice. He's developed Simpson's Jaundice. Fry: [with yellow skin] Ay, carumba!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: His only hope is some replacement liver. Yours looks like a good match. Leela: Well, if it'll help Fry... Fry: Careful, Leela. He knows less about human anatomy than I do, and I can't even find my own uterus.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Oh, sure. Leela's fine. But my jaundice has progressed to Muppet Gangrene. It's not easy being gangrenous.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: It wasn't unavoidable! You just had to stop cutting my spine when I yelled, "Stop! You're cutting my spine!" Fry: Stop complaining. My body rejected your liver and now I have Garfield Syndrome. I hate Mondays.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Once and for all, Fry, even though it's the future, most objects are still just objects. Not Aliens who look like objects. Fry: So my efforts to establish diplomatic relations with the cactus people were doomed from the start.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: My God. I've never seen such a gruesome shark attack. Especially this far inland. Leela: It wasn't a shark. It was an awful, incompetent doctor. Doctor: Wow. He must've been a total Zoidberg.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: We have only one option: Protocol 62. Richard Nixon's Head: Not possible. We don't have nearly enough piranhas. Zapp Brannigan: Then Protocol 63 it is.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: They're flying Manhattan into the sun. They must have been out of piranhas.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[flashback to 1988 as the Fry family are enjoying Thanksgiving dinner at Panucci's Pizza] Mr. Panucci: Hey, Barack! Pizza goin' out. Come on! Barack Obama: Man, I've got to go back to law school. Fry: [to Yancy, Jr.] Pffft! I'm not gonna wind up a loser like that guy.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Cubert: This may take a while. I've got to adjust the memory timing, raise the CPU voltage, and delete twelve terabytes of outdated catchphrases. Bender: Sounds like fun on the bun! Female voice: Deleted.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Don't you ever wonder about the future? Fry: Well, sure, but you're always in it. [Leela smiles] Fry: Also, sometimes Terminators.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mom: Farnsworth? What a lucky break, after all these years I've got him, and legally too. Larry: Even an idiot like me knows he'll be ruined. Mom: An idiot like you is correct! [slaps him]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Good news, everyone! That's what the Professor would say if he weren't in jail facing a life sentence.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Oh god! I clicked without reading. Cubert Farnsworth: And I slightly modified a thing that I own. Professor Farnsworth We're monsters! [Both cry]
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	God Entity: A wise man once said that nothing really dies. It just comes back in a new form. Then he died. So, next time you see a lowly salamander, think twice before you step on it; it might be you. Stand by for "Reincarnation".
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Movietone News, everyone!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Watch it, you stumble bums! You're boopin' my Betty!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Is my eye playing trick on me?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Th-th-that's all you get, chumps!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: All right, diamond. You won those round, but I have an ace up my hole.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: A guy like me can't afford a diamond ring for a gal like her. Bender: That's for sure, not on the measly salary I steal from you every week. [takes Fry's wallet]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: [trying to cheer up the professor] Would it cheer you up if I punch Fry in the groin? Cause I'll do it, regardless.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Fry, you idiot, you're a genius!
tv-futurama	science	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: You solved the problem that drove Einstein and forced Stephen Hawking to quit physics and become a cartoon voice-actor. Stephen Hawking's Head: I like physics, but I love cartoons.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: What is that box, you old witch? Prof. Farnsworth: Ha ha ha ha! I'll never tell you! It's a deep space emotion detector. [all gasp] Prof. Farnsworth: The detector detects that you are impressed.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Zoidberg, a diplomat? The list of things I've heard now contains everything.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: All attempts to communicate with the aliens have failed. I fear our only option is thrilling space battle. Bender/Fry: Power Friends Go!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Here my words. My shell may be tough like a samurai honeymoon mask, but inside I'm as soft and sensitive as a girl made of custard. Cubert: Custard Time?! Hooray!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Of course! Having no mouths or ears they can only communicate through motions! Fry: Or perhaps by odors. Bender: That is how you communicate. Amy/Leela/Fry/Bender/Hermes: Hahahahahahaha!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender and Fry: [communicating with the aliens via dance] Hey aliens, we will kill you! And dishonor your widows by making them gather wood!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Zoidberg, you are the greatest hero. You saved us all. Zoidberg: For now. But another threat from the stars is sure to arise [mouth stops moving] next week at the same time!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Aw, he's so cute. Wait, no, he isn't. He looks like Bender!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Didn't your mom ever tell you where robot babies come from? Bender: No, she was a religious fundamentalist, plus she didn't have a mouth. It's an unusual combination.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: I hate to crush a boy's dreams, but... [upbeat] What the heck!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: I hope you're not too mad at me, Leela. For tearing your arm off and all. Leela: I can't be mad, I'm on way too many painkillers. Plus, you were willing to sacrifice yourself so I could live. I mean you failed miserably, but you're only person who loves me enough to try.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: What an idiot I was! And by "I", I meant "you"!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: This is the first time a presidential candidate got to see his own birth live.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: This is crazy! You're from the future? Chris Travers: Yes. I was sent back from the year 3028 to prevent Nixon from getting elected. Fry: I was sent forward from the year 2000, but you don't hear me gassing on about it.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Film? Who uses film? We've had digital cameras for a thousand years! Bender: Digital? [spits] No digital camera can capture the warmth and grain o' good, ol' film. Prof. Farnsworth: How can you even tell? Your eyes are digital cameras.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: [to Calculon] Now, your only chance is a classic death scene, one with a lot of thy's and thou's. Bender: Voíla! The tragic end of "Rome-o and Julie-t." Leela: That's Romeo and Juliet, dummy...by will.i.am Shakespeare.
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Very well. Morris, Munda, I now pronounce you man and wife. May I kiss the bride? [Morris punches Zapp in the chest.] Zapp Brannigan: Congratulations.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: We're under attack and the wedding's off. Kif, return fire AND the cake. Kif: [panicking] All systems are disabled and you can't return an ice cream cake!!
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Leela gives Fry a long kiss.] Leela: Keep your door unlocked tonight. Fry: But McGruff the Crime Dog says... Oh!
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Professor, there's nothing wrong with Nectar. It's all natural. Prof. Farnworth: So are carrots, but you don't see me injecting them between my toes! [He lights up a carrot and smokes it.]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Amy and Leela continuously kiss Fry] Hermes: Sweet orgy of Georgia! Have you girls gone wild?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: With one-sixth gravity, you can work and be lazy at the same time! It's like being a voice actor!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morbo: Once again, Eternliax the Immortal, dead, at the age of 26.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: No more implants. I don't want to end up a cold, emotionless machine like you.
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: You don't understand. He was the only one who cared enough to insult me. Leela: I insult you, you fat sack. Zoidberg: Sure, when it's convenient.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: For once, I thought it might be nice to do something in a social setting! Finally get to know each other. Why, I don't even know half your names! [Points to Fry.] You, boy! What do they call you? Fry: Most folks just call me 'Orange Joe'.
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Hey, Elzar! I've just recently started always having dreamt of being a sausage making champion
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp Brannigan: Foolproof and durable; it's designed to withstand the weight of a modern day elephant foot. [A wooly mammoth tramples them, making Zapp drop the controller, which is crushed by the mammoth's foot, causing the drones to crash and explode.]
tv-futurama	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I enjoy getting drunk as much as the next fellow, but this sir, is Oktoberfest!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Thanks to you, I went on a soul-searching journey. I hate those!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: How does a robot join this monk outfit? AbBot: Just put on this monk outfit.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I gotta mope things over for a while. Fry: What's happening? Leela: I don't know. I think he's shuffling off sadly in the distance. Fry: Oh lord.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Life is about decisions. Make the wrong ones and you'll wind up face down in a pool of your own blood and urine. Zoidberg: Still, to have your own pool!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: It's been quite a journey. I dropped out of school, joined a gang, took money from a loan shark, and fell into a spiral of despair, addiction, and discount prostitution. Hermes: Mon, you had one hell of a day.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Fry, you're so confident and take charge on this trip! It's kind of a turn-on. Fry: Not now, Leela, I'm trying to meet old people!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: It's so wonderful to meet the Professor's parents! [to Ned and Velma] Hello, my name is Dr. Zoidberg. I'm very important here. Leela: Hey, Zoidberg! You forgot to empty this trashcan! Zoidberg: [scared] Don't hit me!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: Ahem! Professor: Oh what? Oh yeah your award show? I'm sorry I couldn't make it but I had a very good reason! Fry: Perhaps you'd favor us with it? Professor: Sure my pleasure. I came down with a searing case of... who gives a crap?! HAHAHAHA!!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Hmmmm... Hats with wires on them. Are you sure this is safe? Bender: It's not just safe; it's 40% safe.
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: Fox news, everyone! I've decided to make the fox our new corporate mascot!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: It's Bender's middle finger. I'd recognize this anywhere.
tv-futurama	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: [prays] God, it's Zoidberg. I hate to bother you, but- [A huge bag full of money lands directly in front of him] Okay, okay, I'll shut up!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: Look out, penny slots, I've got a system! It's to put all my money in you!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Farnsworth: My God! He was so saturated with ink that his entire body structure was polarized! Zoidberg: You mean I'm invisible? Prof. Farnsworth: No, no, no, not in any sense of the word. But essentially, yes, entirely.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Salmon Hermes: Still, six of ten alive! That's considered good for our species. Lobster Zoidberg: Five out of ten, also nice. [Takes a bit out of Scruffy] Salmon Scruffy: Yep.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Salmon Hermes: Oh-ho I'm good! Who wants a piece of me? Lobster Zoidberg: I'll try-a-bite! [Eats Hermes]
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bass Bender: (his dying words) Tell my kids I love me... very much.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lonesome Hubert: Sad news everyone. I'm lonesome.
tv-futurama	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: That's it, you hoodlums! Your mouth just wrote a PayPal transfer request that your butt has insufficient funds to honor! Racer: Yo. It is on! Before that it was off.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: [upset] Do you think they're...dead? Hermes: No, no. I choose to believe they're alive in some other dimension. Screamin' in agony. [Amy wipes away a tear.] Amy: I hope so.
tv-futurama	society	quip	general	0	King of Flatbush: He's opening our minds to new ideas. Kill him!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Amy approaches Zoidberg whilst dressed like a marmoset.] Amy: I'm not sure this marmoset disguise is working... Zoidberg: I'm not sure either. We better ask Amy!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: An-and the robot hands would make you a strawberry shortcake any time of day. Four, seven, any time! Hermes: No way! Fry: I'm not lyin'!
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Sean, I'd like you to meet Fry, he and I are... What would you say we are, Fry? Fry: Nude and interrupted.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: Good news, everyone! I'm in terrible pain.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kif: Sir, there's an Omicronian ship requesting safe passage home. Zapp: Home, eh? That's where I live! Let 'em through the blockade.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hermes: Five-O! Five-O! Amy: Five what? Hermes: Five Omicronians!
tv-futurama	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leela: Bender. Do you know where Fry is? I haven't seen him since we got back from Omicron Persei 8. Bender: Fry?! You... just missed him. He went out to buy you flowers. Whatever kind you like best. 'Cuz he loves you and crap.
tv-futurama	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: Jrrr! How do I watch a funny on the YouTube?
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jrrr: Can you save him? Drrr: I could, but he'd only live another 80 years at most. The humane thing is to put him to sleep.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lrrr: What's happening? Why's his butt glowing? Drrr: The electromagnetic intensity of the robot's friendship is causing the herbs in his bowels to bioluminesce with love. Probably.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I failed at my life-long dream again. How can I be so bad at everything I try, and still be so great?
tv-futurama	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Zoidberg: But, robot, you can't just make up a folk song like you can a medical diploma, they have to come from the heart!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Poopenmeyer: These boys must have hero in their bones, and you, ma'am, must have heroine in your veins.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: Polar bears don't burn! I've tried many times!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Professor Farnsworth: We can have 4 idiots and a fat guy, but no arsonist!
tv-futurama	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Poopenmeyer: There is no fire department! I sold it to pay for Bender's medal!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bender: I'll stay here and be in charge of 'not dying'
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zapp: But here we are, stealing an unlimited supply of birthday grade helium from the unsuspecting moon. Kif: That's the sun. Zapp: At night, its the moon.
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a rock is thrown into the White House shattering a window] Nixon: Is that a rock? I hate rocks!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farnsworth: [repetitive line] Just wait 'til I get my hands on those healthy purple berries!
tv-futurama	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fry: No! We like you and your big words, and we need you back on TV, so we can watch and not talk to each other. Our friendship depends on it! Bender: [screaming] Your voice is so annoying! Fry: [screaming] You always leave the toilet seat crushed!
tv-futurama	life	quip	general	0	Opening sequence: Avenge us
startrek	family	wisdom	general	0	A father doesn't destroy his children.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	A little suffering is good for the soul.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
startrek	life	uplifting	general	0	A princess should not be afraid -- not with a brave knight to protect her.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his life, even his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	A Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist without breathing.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	A woman should have compassion.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Actual war is a very messy business. Very, very messy business.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	After a time, you may find that "having" is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as "wanting." It is not logical, but it is often true.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	All your people must learn before you can reach for the stars.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Another Armenia, Belgium ... the weak innocents who always seem to be located on a natural invasion route.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Another dream that failed. There's nothing sadder.
startrek	society	dark	general	0	Another war ... must it always be so? How many comrades have we lost in this way? ... Obedience. Duty. Death, and more death ...
startrek	society	observation	general	0	... bacteriological warfare ... hard to believe we were once foolish enough to play around with that.
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	Beam me up, Scotty!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beam me up, Scotty! It ate my phaser!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	"Beauty is transitory." "Beauty survives."
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Behind every great man, there is a woman -- urging him on.
startrek	health-body	observation	general	0	Blast medicine anyway! We've learned to tie into every organ in the human body but one. The brain! The brain is what life is all about.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bones: "The man's DEAD, Jim!"
startrek	tech	tv-quote	general	0	But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	But it's real. And if it's real it can be affected ... we may not be able to break it, but, I'll bet you credits to Navy Beans we can put a dent in it. -- deSalle, "Catspaw", stardate 3018.2
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate ..." "It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentiment -- the other side of the coin"
startrek	tech	quip	general	0	Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Change is the essential process of all existence.
startrek	tech	wisdom	general	0	Compassion -- that's the one things no machine ever had. Maybe it's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them.
startrek	tech	wisdom	general	0	Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man. And nothing can replace it or him.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Conquest is easy. Control is not.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a doctor.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Death. Destruction. Disease. Horror. That's what war is all about. That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
startrek	love	tv-quote	general	0	Do you know about being with somebody? Wanting to be? If I had the whole universe, I'd give it to you, Janice. When I see you, I feel like I'm hungry all over. Do you know how that feels?
startrek	life	dark	general	0	[Doctors and Bartenders], We both get the same two kinds of customers -- the living and the dying.
startrek	love	aphorism	general	0	Each kiss is as the first.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Earth -- mother of the most beautiful women in the universe. -- Apollo, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Either one of us, by himself, is expendable. Both of us are not.
startrek	science	quip	general	0	Emotions are alien to me. I'm a scientist.
startrek	society	observation	general	0	Even historians fail to learn from history -- they repeat the same mistakes.
startrek	science	aphorism	general	0	Every living thing wants to survive.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth." "Or by misleading the innocent." -- Spock and McCoy, "And The Children Shall Lead", stardate 5029.5.
startrek	life	observation	general	0	Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Fascinating, a totally parochial attitude.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	First study the enemy. Seek weakness.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	"... freedom ... is a worship word..." "It is our worship word too."
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis. You can't simply say, "Today I will be brilliant."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Get back to your stations!" "We're beaming down to the planet, sir." -- Kirk and Mr. Leslie, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	He's dead, Jim.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	History tends to exaggerate.
startrek	love	quip	general	0	Humans do claim a great deal for that particular emotion (love).
startrek	life	uplifting	general	0	I am pleased to see that we have differences. May we together become greater than the sum of both of us.
startrek	love	dark	general	0	I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it. It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done.
startrek	society	uplifting	general	0	"I think they're going to take all this money that we spend now on war and death --" "And make them spend it on life."
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	I thought my people would grow tired of killing. But you were right, they see it is easier than trading. And it has its pleasures. I feel it myself. Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	I'm a soldier, not a diplomat. I can only tell the truth.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	I've already got a female to worry about. Her name is the Enterprise.
startrek	family	wisdom	general	0	If a man had a child who'd gone anti-social, killed perhaps, he'd still tend to protect that child.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	If I can have honesty, it's easier to overlook mistakes.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	If some day we are defeated, well, war has its fortunes, good and bad.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Immortality consists largely of boredom.
startrek	science	wisdom	general	0	In the strict scientific sense we all feed on death -- even vegetarians.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Insufficient facts always invite danger.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Insults are effective only where emotion is present. -- Spock, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Intuition, however illogical, is recognized as a command prerogative.
startrek	love	tv-quote	general	0	Is not that the nature of men and women -- that the pleasure is in the learning of each other? -- Natira, the High Priestess of Yonada, "For the World is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.3.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Is truth not truth for all? -- Natira, "For the World is Hollow and I have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.4.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	It [being a Vulcan] means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life which is logical and beneficial. We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
startrek	nature	observation	general	0	It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if they're attractive in some way.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	It is necessary to have purpose. -- Alice #1, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	It would be illogical to kill without reason.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	It would seem that evil retreats when forcibly confronted.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Killing is stupid; useless!
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Killing is wrong.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.
startrek	tech	quip	general	0	Klingon phaser attack from front!!!!! 100% Damage to life support!!!!
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Landru! Guide us!
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Leave bigotry in your quarters; there's no room for it on the bridge.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"Life and death are seldom logical." "But attaining a desired goal always is."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Live long and prosper.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here." "You admit that?" "To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor"
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Lots of people drink from the wrong bottle sometimes.
startrek	love	aphorism	general	0	Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal.
startrek	faith	observation	general	0	Many Myths are based on truth
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Men of peace usually are [brave].
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Men will always be men -- no matter where they are.
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Most legends have their basis in facts.
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	No more blah, blah, blah!
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	No one can guarantee the actions of another.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	No one may kill a man. Not for any purpose. It cannot be condoned.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	"No one talks peace unless he's ready to back it up with war." "He talks of peace if it is the only way to live."
startrek	society	observation	general	0	No one wants war.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	No problem is insoluble.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Not one hundred percent efficient, of course ... but nothing ever is.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved. -- Thalassa (in Anne Mulhall's body), "Return to Tomorrow", stardate 4770.3.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Oh, that sound of male ego. You travel halfway across the galaxy and it's still the same song.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	On my planet, to rest is to rest -- to cease using energy. To me, it is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass, using energy, instead of saving it.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	One does not thank logic.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	One of the advantages of being a captain is being able to ask for advice without necessarily having to take it.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Only a fool fights in a burning house.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Our missions are peaceful -- not for conquest. When we do battle, it is only because we have no choice.
startrek	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Our way is peace. -- Septimus, the Son Worshiper, "Bread and Circuses", stardate 4040.7.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can be controlled. -- Spock, "Operation -- Annihilate!" stardate 3287.2
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Peace was the way.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Phasers locked on target, Captain.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Power is danger.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Prepare for tomorrow -- get ready.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Punishment becomes ineffective after a certain point. Men become insensitive.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Respect is a rational process
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Romulan women are not like Vulcan females. We are not dedicated to pure logic and the sterility of non-emotion.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Schshschshchsch.
startrek	tech	quip	general	0	She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n! The batteries are dead!
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
startrek	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
startrek	science	tv-quote	general	0	Space: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spock: The odds of surviving another attack are 13562190123 to 1, Captain.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	Star Trek Lives!
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"That unit is a woman." "A mass of conflicting impulses."
startrek	life	quip	general	0	The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"The combination of a number of things to make existence worthwhile." "Yes, the philosophy of 'none,' meaning 'all.'"
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	The face of war has never changed. Surely it is more logical to heal than to kill.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	The games have always strengthened us. Death becomes a familiar pattern. We don't fear it as you do.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity." "And in the way our differences combine to create meaning and beauty."
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	The heart is not a logical organ.
startrek	science	observation	general	0	The idea of male and female are universal constants.
startrek	love	wisdom	general	0	The joys of love made her human and the agonies of love destroyed her.
startrek	work-money	quip	general	0	The man on tops walks a lonely street; the "chain" of command is often a noose.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	The only solution is ... a balance of power. We arm our side with exactly that much more. A balance of power -- the trickiest, most difficult, dirtiest game of them all. But the only one that preserves both sides.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	... The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when they get to know each other.
startrek	health-body	quip	general	0	"The release of emotion is what keeps us health. Emotionally healthy." "That may be, Doctor. However, I have noted that the healthy release of emotion is frequently unhealthy for those closest to you."
startrek	life	observation	general	0	The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
startrek	love	aphorism	general	0	The sooner our happiness together begins, the longer it will last.
startrek	love	wisdom	general	0	... The things love can drive a man to -- the ecstasies, the miseries, the broken rules, the desperate chances, the glorious failures and the glorious victories.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	There are always alternatives.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	There are certain things men must do to remain men.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	There are some things worth dying for.
startrek	science	wisdom	general	0	There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face .... One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	There is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There is an old custom among my people. When a woman saves a man's life, he is grateful. -- Nona, the Kanuto witch woman, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There is an order of things in this universe. -- Apollo, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	There's a way out of any cage.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	There's another way to survive. Mutual trust -- and help.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy. There is nothing good in war. Except its ending.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There's nothing disgusting about it [the Companion]. It's just another life form, that's all. You get used to those things.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"There's only one kind of woman ..." "Or man, for that matter. You either believe in yourself or you don't."
startrek	life	observation	general	0	This cultural mystique surrounding the biological function -- you realize humans are overly preoccupied with the subject.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who hate and fight must stop themselves -- otherwise it is not stopped.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Time is fluid ... like a river with currents, eddies, backwash.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	To live is always desirable.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Totally illogical, there was no chance.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages. And we can all be counted on to live down to our lowest impulses.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Violence in reality is quite different from theory.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Virtue is a relative term.
startrek	society	tv-quote	general	0	Vulcans believe peace should not depend on force.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vulcans do not approve of violence.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vulcans never bluff.
startrek	faith	quip	general	0	Vulcans worship peace above all.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Wait! You have not been prepared!
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	War is never imperative.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	War isn't a good life, but it's life.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	We do not colonize. We conquer. We rule. There is no other way for us.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	We fight only when there is no other choice. We prefer the ways of peaceful contact.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior development.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	We have phasers, I vote we blast 'em!
startrek	life	quip	general	0	"We have the right to survive!" "Not by killing others."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	We Klingons believe as you do -- the sick should die. Only the strong should live.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!
startrek	work-money	observation	general	0	We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine. But when it comes to your job -- that's different. And it always will be different.
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.
startrek	tech	tv-quote	general	0	"What happened to the crewman?" "The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in the way." -- Kirk and Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4731.3.
startrek	love	verse	general	0	What kind of love is that? Not to be loved; never to have shown love.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	"What terrible way to die." "There are no good ways."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	When a child is taught ... its programmed with simple instructions -- and at some point, if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of what it was taught, thinks independently.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Where there's no emotion, there's no motive for violence.
startrek	faith	quip	general	0	Witch! Witch! They'll burn ya!
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically. You must rely on your human intuition.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Without followers, evil cannot spread.
startrek	arts	wisdom	general	0	Without freedom of choice there is no creativity.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Women are more easily and more deeply terrified ... generating more sheer horror than the male of the species.
startrek	society	observation	general	0	Women professionals do tend to over-compensate.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Worlds are conquered, galaxies destroyed -- but a woman is always a woman.
startrek	faith	quip	general	0	Yes, it is written. Good shall always destroy evil.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	You are an excellent tactician, Captain. You let your second in command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
startrek	society	tv-quote	general	0	You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries. But you imprison those who employ it privately.
startrek	love	wisdom	general	0	You go slow, be gentle. It's no one-way street -- you know how you feel and that's all. It's how the girl feels too. Don't press. If the girl feels anything for you at all, you'll know.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	You humans have that emotional need to express gratitude. "You're welcome," I believe, is the correct response.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You say you are lying. But if everything you say is a lie, then you are telling the truth. You cannot tell the truth because everything you say is a lie. You lie, you tell the truth ... but you cannot, for you lie. -- Norman the android, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You speak of courage. Obviously you do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness. Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers. -- Kor, the Klingon Commander, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3201.7
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You! What PLANET is this!
startrek	love	uplifting	general	0	You'll learn something about men and women -- the way they're supposed to be. Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good to each other. That's what we call love. You'll like that a lot.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You're dead, Jim.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You're too beautiful to ignore. Too much woman. -- Kirk to Yeoman Rand, "The Enemy Within", stardate unknown
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Youth doesn't excuse everything.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There's coffee in that nebula!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dismissed. That's a Star Fleet expression for, "Get out."
startrek	life	quip	general	0	I said SHUT UP! As in close your mouth and stop talking!
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Do you believe in the existence of extraterrestrials? Scully: Logically I would have to say no. Given the distances need to travel from the of reaches of space the energy requirements would exceed a spacecraft's capabilities ... Mulder: Conventional wisdom...
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Section Chief Blevins: Agent Mulder. What are his thoughts? Scully: Agent Mulder believes we are not alone.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	MIB: [tapping on window] Please, step out of the car. Mulder: [to Scully] You think if maybe we ignore him, he'll go away? MIB: [tapping on window] Please, step out of the car. Mulder: [to Scully] Guess not.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, they don't want you involved, they don't want to hear your theories. That's why Blevins has you hidden away down here. Mulder: You're down here, too.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Oh my god, Mulder. It smells like... I think it's bile. Mulder: Is there any way I can get it off my fingers quickly without betraying my cool exterior?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Hey, that's a nice tattoo, what is that? Bartender: What's it look like? Mulder: Flying saucer. You don't really believe in that stuff, do ya? Bartender: I take it you don't. Mulder: No, I think it's all just a bunch of crazy people howling at the moon.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: At least if we had a legitimate source... Mulder: This is the essence of science. You ask an impertinent question and you're on your way to a pertinent answer.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, it's the same story I've heard since I was a kid. It's a folk tale, a myth. Mulder: I heard the same story when I was a kid too. Funny thing is I believed it. Fact is we've got a cannibalized body in New Jersey. Someone or something out there is hungry.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I think Howard Graves faked his own death. Mulder: Do you know how hard it is to fake your own death? Only one man has pulled it off: Elvis.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I would never lie. I willfully participated in a campaign of misinformation.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Are you saying Lauren Kyte crashed our car? Mulder: Either that or a poltergeist. Scully: They're heeeere...
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: How can the oesophagus be crushed without the neck even being touched? Mulder: Psychokinetic manipulation. Scully: Psychokinesis? You mean how Carrie got even at the prom?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Brad Wilczek? We're with the FBI. Brad Wilczek: What took you guys so long? Oh, and do you mind taking off your shoes.
tv-x-files	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You're afraid of the government but you're willing to accept the risk that your machine will kill again. Wilczek: The lesser of two evils. Mulder: What about a third option? You created that machine. Now you tell me how to destroy it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [taking his shirt off for a physical exam] Before anyone passes judgment, may I remind you - we are in the Arctic.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: It's still there, Scully, two hundred thousand years down in the ice. Scully: Leave it there.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Hey, Scully, we send those men up into space to unlock the doors of the universe, and we don't even know what's behind them.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You never wanted to be an astronaut when you were a kid, Scully? Scully: Guess I missed that phase.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [after seeing a shuttle launch from the control room] I have to admit, that fulfilled one of my boyhood fantasies. Scully: Yeah, it ranks right up there with getting a pony and learning how to braid my own hair.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, the hearing is tomorrow at 10 o'clock. Mulder: So that gives us 24 hours to investigate. Scully: My assignment is to bring you back, not help you dig yourself in deeper. Mulder: "The Last Detail" starring Dana Scully.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You really believe that story? Scully: That story happens to be highly classified. Mulder: It's a highly classified lie.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Deep Throat: Mulder, the continental United States is surrounded by an electronic fence that reaches 15,000 miles into space. We use it to track and monitor the 7,087 man-made objects that orbit the earth. Last night at 23:17 that fence was breached.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eve 6: Cut off the chains... then we'll talk. Mulder: They're probably there for a good reason. Eve 6: No. Bad reason. I paid too much attention to a guard. Bit into his eyeball. I meant it as a sign of affection.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eve 10: Hello, Eve 8. Eve 9: We've been waiting ... Eve 8: How did you know I'd come for you? Eve 10: We just knew. Eve 9: We just knew.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: There's something else I haven't told you about myself, Scully. I hate fire. Hate it. Scared to death of it. Scully: Mulder? Are you sure you don't want me to help you out on this one? Mulder: Sooner or later, a man's got to face his demons.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Ten years it's taken me to forget about this woman and she shows up in my life with a case like this. Scully: So she shows up knowing the power she has over you and then she makes you walk through fire, is that it? Mulder: Phoebe is fire.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Well, that's one of the luxuries of hunting down aliens and genetic mutants. You rarely get to press charges.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Dana, after all you've seen, after all the evidence, why can't you believe? Scully: I'm afraid. I'm afraid to believe.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Last time you were that engrossed, it turned out you were reading the Adult Video News.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Did Boggs confess? Mulder: No, no, it was five hours of Boggs "channeling." After three hours I asked him to summon up the soul of Jimi Hendrix and requested 'All Along the Watchtower'. You know, the guy's been dead for 20 years but he hasn't lost his touch.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: There's something up there, Mulder. Mulder: Ooh, I've been saying that for years.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I don't understand, how can they just disappear? They have no means of transportation. Mulder: No earthly means of transportation.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: The 65-year-old female teller was pistol-whipped. Died from a massive subdural hemorrhage all because she didn't put the money in the bag fast enough. Mulder: Lovely couple.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Can you at least accept the possibility that during his near-death experience some kind of psychic transference occurred? Scully: Can't you accept the possibility that this isn't an X-File?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Do you believe he's predisposed to this type of psychotic episode? Scully: I believe it's a long way from saying Jack had a near death experience to saying his body's been inhabited by Warren Dupre. A long way.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Two men died in that crash room, Scully. One man came back. The question is... which one?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bruskin: Okay, everyone, Mulder says he's got something. Daniels: What? An alien virus or new information on the Kennedy assassination? Bruskin: Hey, Mulder's all right. If you'd pay attention, you might learn something from the man.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, I know what you did wasn't by the book. Mulder: Tells you a lot about the book, doesn't it?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Steve Wallenberg had a wife and two kids. One of his boys is an all-star on his football team now. I pulled that trigger two seconds earlier and Wallenberg would be here to see his kid play. Instead, I've got some dead man robbing jewelry stores and sending me haikus.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: What are you going to do? Mulder: I know what I'm not going to do. I'm not going to hang around and wait for Barnett to send me another valentine.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Thanks, Henderson, I owe you one. Henderson: Promises, promises.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deep Throat: I know why you've contacted me. Listen and I'll explain. I am not particularly proud of the way in which this matter was handled, but, like it or not, John Barnett is a fact of life. Mulder: I wish Agent Perdue were around to appreciate the irony.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Byers: That's why we like you, Mulder. Your ideas are weirder than ours.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deep Throat: You're awfully quiet, Mr. Mulder. Mulder: I'm wondering which lie to believe.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Those were the most paranoid people I have ever met. I don't know how you could think that what they say is even remotely plausible. Mulder: I think it's remotely plausible that someone might think you're hot.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I think I saw some of these same people at Woodstock. Scully: Mulder, you weren't at Woodstock. Mulder: I saw the movie!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Maybe we should head backstage and see what the Reverend has to say. Mulder: No, wait. This is the part where they bring out Elvis.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sheriff Daniels: Ninety-nine percent of the people in this world are fools ... and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I was raised a Catholic. I have a certain... familiarity with the scripture. And God never lets the Devil steal the show. Mulder: You must've really liked The Exorcist. Scully: One of my favorite movies.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: You've got that look on your face, Mulder. Mulder: What look is that? Scully: The kind when you've forgotten your keys and you're trying to figure out how to get back in the house.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ish: I could smell you a mile away. Mulder: Well, they told me that even though my deodorant is made for a woman, it's strong enough for a man.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ish: I sense you are different, FBI. You're more open to Native American belief than some Native Americans. You even have an Indian name - Fox. You should be Running Fox, or Sneaky Fox. Mulder: Just as long as it's not Spooky Fox.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: What do you think? Mulder: I think I'm going to suggest we sleep with the lights on.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: What kind of an insect could have gotten a man all the way up into that tree? Mulder: Itsy-bitsy spider.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: 30 loggers working a clear-cutting contract in Washington state. Rugged, manly men in the full bloom of their manhood. Scully: Right, but what am I looking for? Mulder: Anything strange, unexplainable, unlikely ... boyfriend?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[trying to distract Eugene Tooms] Mulder: I'm looking for my dog. His name is Heinrich. He's a Norwegian Elkhound. I use him to hunt moose!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You think they would have taken me more seriously if I wore the grey suit?
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: If there's an ice tea in that bag, could be love. Scully: Must be fate, Mulder. Root beer.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Why is it still so hard for you to believe, even when all the evidence suggests extraordinary phenomena? Scully: Because sometimes ... Mulder: What? Scully: ... looking for extreme possibilities makes you blind to the probable explanation right in front of you.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I don't believe you. Deep Throat: There are limits to my knowledge, Mr. Mulder.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Okay, Mulder. But I'm warning you, if this is monkey pee, you're on your own.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deep Throat: [last words] Trust no one.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, there are thousands of scientists working on the Human Genome project. Mulder: Yeah, but only one who decided to go bungee jumping with medical gauze wrapped around his neck.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Deep Throat said "trust no one." And that's hard, Scully. Suspecting everyone, everything, it wears you down. You even begin to doubt what you know is the truth. Before, I could only trust myself. Now, I can only trust you...and they've taken you away from me.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	CSM: Your time is over and you leave with nothing. Skinner:Get out.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	CSM looks over at Skinner* Skinner: I said get the hell out.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Somebody shoved this under my door. I guess you really do have a friend in the FBI. And, Mulder, when you see Skinner to hand in field report, I hope that you know that I'd consider it more than a professional loss if you decided to leave.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Scientist say three species become extinct everyday. Who knows how many new ones are being created?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Have you ever come across this chemical compound? Langly: L.S.D.M. Obviously, you haven't read our August edition of "T.L.G." Mulder: Oh, sorry boys. It arrived the same day as my subscription to "Celebrity Skin."
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frohike: So, Mulder, where's your little partner? Mulder: She wouldn't come. She's afraid of her love for you. Frohike: She's tasty. Mulder: You know, Frohike, it's men like you that give perversion a bad name.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spencer: Things like this aren't supposed to happen here. Mulder: A forty-two year old real estate agent murders four strangers with his bare hands? That's not supposed to happen anywhere.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krycek: Reassigning them to other areas seems to have only strengthened their determination. Scully's a problem. A much larger problem than you described. The Cigarette Smoking Man: Every problem has a solution.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: All right, what do you want to know? Krycek: What's the truth? There are things you're not telling me that I need to know. Mulder: It's just that my ideas usually aren't very popular. Krycek: I told you, I want to believe. But I need a place to start.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krycek: Hey , I don't like being ditched like somebody's bad date. Mulder: Oh stop, or your gonna hurt my feelings Krycek: Look, you don't know the first thing about me. Mulder: Exactly.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krycek: If Mulder is such a threat, why not eliminate him? The Cigarette Smoking Man: That's not our policy. Krycek: It's not? After what you had me do? The Cigarette Smoking Man: Kill Mulder and you risk turning one man's religion into a crusade.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Commander Carver: Eternal life. Smashed mirrors. Blood drinking. Should I be issuing my men stakes and cloves of garlic? Mulder: Only if they're hungry.
tv-x-files	life	pun	general	0	The Son: Don't you want to live forever? Mulder: Not if drawstring pants come back in style.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Margaret Scully: Hello, Fox. Scully [smiles] Not Fox. Mulder. [opens her eyes] Mulder: How you feeling? Scully: Mulder, I don't remember anything. After Duane Barry... Mulder: [shakes his head] Doesn't... doesn't matter.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I'm going to find Trepkos. Scully: What if he's already dead? Mulder: Then he'll have a lot of trouble answering my questions.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Trepkos: You still believe you can petition heaven and get some penetrating answer. If you found that answer, what would you do with it?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Scully? I don't think it's a good idea for you to go. Scully: Mulder, I appreciate your concern - but I'm ready. I want to work. Mulder: Well, maybe you should take some time off. Scully: I've already lost too much time.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Trepkos: [on video] Scientific data? We're talking about revisiting the very origin of the earth, peering into the fire where it all began - a human endeavor more important even than man's exploration of space.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Good morning. Mulder: Whatever tape you found in that VCR, it isn't mine. Scully: Good, because I put it back in that drawer with all those other videos that aren't yours.
tv-x-files	life	wisdom	general	0	Mulder: I've always figured that dreams are answers to questions we haven't figured out how to ask yet.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Did you really think you could call up the Devil and ask him to behave?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I mean, there's nothing weird about... [toads start falling from the sky, then stop] Mulder: So... lunch? Scully: Mulder, toads just fell from the sky! Mulder: I guess their parachutes didn't open. You were saying something about this place not feeling "odd"?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Private John McAlpin, he was one of the few, the proud... the dead. Last week he wrapped his car around a tree, died on impact.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, voodoo only works by instilling fear among its believers. You saw the way Bauvais tried to intimidate me. The power of suggestion is considerable, I'll admit.. But this is no more magic than a pair of fuzzy dice.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: What do you know about zombies? Scully: Well I hope you don't intend to tell Robin McAlpin that she married one.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Our friend from the CIA is about as unbelievable as his story... as is everything about this case. I mean, whatever happened to "trust no one", Mulder? Mulder: Oh, I changed it to "trust everyone". I didn't tell you?
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Thanks for ditching me. Mulder:I'm sorry, I, uh... I couldn't let you risk your life on this. Scully: Did you find what you were looking for? Mulder: No... no. But I found something I thought I'd lost. [Scully gives him a questioning look] Mulder: Faith to keep looking.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. X: You'll only win the war if you pick the right battles, Agent Mulder. This is a battle you can't win.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. X: You wanted to see me? Mulder: How was the opera? Mr. X: Wonderful. I've never slept better. I don't like these hasty public meetings, Agent Mulder. Mulder: I'm sorry. I need your help. Mr. X: It's over. The fat lady is singing.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Just tell me where she is! Alien Bounty Hunter: She's alive...can you die now?
tv-x-files	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Kyle: All animals should run free. Scully: Even if that means trampling a man to death? Kyle: Maybe he should have gotten out of the way. Mulder: I'm sure he would have if he had seen it coming.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frohike: If that's the lovely Agent Scully, let her know I've been working out ... I'm buff!
tv-x-files	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Byers: Langly couldn't join us. He has a philosophical aversion to having his image bounced off a satellite.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I always thought when I got older I'd maybe take a cruise somewhere. This isn't exactly what I had in mind. The service on this ship is terrible, Scully.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I could be mistaken. Maybe it was another bald-headed, jigsaw-puzzle-tattooed, naked guy I saw.
tv-x-files	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I got the impression that Glazebrook wasn't the only sideshow performer residing here.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sheriff Hamilton: [to Scully] Are you sure it was the brother you saw? Maybe it was the Fiji Mermaid who jumped in the sea and swam back to Fiji. Mulder: [to Scully] Now you know how I feel.
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Nut: You'd be surprised how many women find my size alluring. Mulder: You'd be surprised how many men do as well.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Blockhead: I don't speak to any police without my lawyer. Mulder: Who's your lawyer? 'Dr. Blockhead: I represent myself.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: For every step you take they're three steps ahead. Mulder: What about you, where do you stand? Skinner: I stand right on the line you keep crossing.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: According to the briefing, the prisoners escaped while hiding in a laundry cart. Mulder: I don't think the guards have been watching enough prison movies.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: He believes the government is out to get him. Mr. X: It's tax season - so do most Americans.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Neat trick, Mulder; for your birthday I'll buy you a utility belt.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frohike: I don't think we've been followed. Mulder: Who would follow you? Byers: Multinational black ops unit. Code name Garnett. Langly: Trained killers. School of the American Alumni. Mulder: Have you boys been defacing library books again?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: My father's dead, Scully. They killed him.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Well Manicured Man: We predict the future. And the best way to predict it, is to invent it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I went to your father's funeral. I told your mother that you were going to be okay. Mulder: How did you know? Scully: I just knew.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: So, what are we supposed to charge him with, 'assaulting a cellular phone'?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clyde Bruckman: How can I see the future if it didn't already exist? Mulder: Then if the future is written, then why bother to do anything? Clyde Bruckman: Now you're catching on.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clyde Bruckman: You know, there are worse ways to go, but I can't think of a more undignified way than autoerotic asphyxiation. Mulder: Why are you telling me that? Clyde Bruckman: Look, forget I mentioned it. It's none of my business.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: So, how do I die? Clyde Bruckman: You don't.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Ok, but imagine if it was true, Scully. Imagine if you can come back [from the dead] and take out five people, who caused you to suffer. Who whould they be? Scully: I only get five? Mulder: [looks up at her] I've remembered your birthday this year, didn't I, Scully?
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: The man was obsessed with reincarnation. Scully: Being obsessed with it doesn't mean you can do it. Mulder: No. Unless he knew something we don't. Scully: Like what? The secret password?
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Woman gets lonely. Sometimes she can't wait around for her man to be reincarnated.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: From a dry skin sample, you're concluding what, that he's some kind of a fat-sucking vampire?
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (pouting to Scully, after she runs a bath for Kevin) You never draw my bath.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (about religious fanatics) They give bona fide paranoids like myself a bad name.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I'm afraid that God is speaking and no one is listening.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Yeah, did you know that the ancient Egyptians worshipped the scarab beetle and possibly erected the pyramids to honor them, which may be just giant symbolic dung heaps? Scully: Did you know the inventor of the flush toilet was named Thomas Crapper?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I'm not going to ask you if you just said what I think you just said, because I know it's what you just said.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Scully and Mulder both reach for the latex gloves] Mulder: Go ahead. Scully: No, you go ahead. Mulder: No, no, no. Be my guest. I know how much you like snapping on the latex.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Eh, Scully, if I'm not mistaken, we're gonna be taking a left up here... eh, there's an intersection up here, you're gonna wanna... Scully! You're gonna, wanna...! You just... ran a stop sign back there, Scully. Scully: Shut up, Mulder. Mulder: Sure, fine, whatever.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Sure, fine, whatever.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	About Mulder not telling Scully he was going to follow up a lead with Detective White. Scully: Look, we've been working together for what two years now, we have differing opinions, but I didn't expect you to ditch me. Mulder: I didn't ditch you. Scully: Fine, whatever.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I wouldn't want to disappoint you by not disappointing you.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[about Mulder's encounter with a gargoyle] Scully: Maybe you're just seeing what you wanted to see. Mulder: What makes you think I'd want to see that?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morgan: What the hell is that? Mulder: Looks like the fuselage of a plane. Scully: It's a North American P-51 Mustang. Mulder: I just got very turned on.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Johansen: Conscience is just the voices of the dead trying to save us from our own damnation.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Skinner is in the hospital, recovering from a gunshot wound] Scully: How are you feeling? Skinner: Like someone's been inside my stomach redecorating.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder (enters the hospital in body armour holding the gun): Federal agent. Go about your business as usual.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Let's go, G-woman.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully (to Mulder): Please explain to me the scientific nature of the "whammy".
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pusher (to A.D. Skinner) Take a walk, Mel Cooley.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: How many dishes do you have to break before your boss tosses you in an oven?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jose Chung: Aren't you nervous telling me all this? Receiving all those death threats? Blaine: Well, hey, I didn't spend all those years playing Dungeons and Dragons and not learn a little something about courage.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jose Chung: And though we may not be alone in the universe, in our own separate ways, on this planet we are all alone.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In the posh apartment of a Madame] Scully: Business is booming. Mulder: I think you mean banging.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Alien Bounty Hunter: Everything dies.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Nothing happens in contradiction to nature, only in contradiction to what we know of it. And that's a place to start. That's where the hope is.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sheriff: This is my deputy, Barney. Mulder: Fife?! Barney: (Sighing, frustrated) Pastor!
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: We all have a natural instinct to propagate. Mulder: Do we?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Scully. (She stops walking and turns around. He smiles.) I never saw you as a mother before.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I think the way it goes here is that Edmund is both the father and brother of the other two. Mulder: Does that mean that when Edmund was a kid, he got to ground his brothers for playing with his things?
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa/Sarah: I am he that liveth and was dead. And behold, I am alive, forevermore. (Revelations 1:18) ((Said in a whisper as Mulder and Scully look out over a misty field the woman claims her past life died in.))
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Cigarette-Smoking Man: They [the Buffalo Bills] will never win the Super Bowl as long as I'm alive.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Caller ID: Saddam Hussein Line 2. The Cigarette-Smoking Man: Call back.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lone Gunman: (About Cigarette Smoking Man, as he listens over the wiretap.) He's the most dangerous man alive, not so much because he believes in his actions, but because he believes these actions are the only ones life allows him.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Cigarette-Smoking Man: I could kill you whenever I please. But not today.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (to Mulder) You said it yourself, once - "a dream is an answer to a question we haven't learned how to ask."
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Don't you think the car might've been searched at least once already? Mulder: Not by me.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	El Camino owner: (Excited) Honest to God? A serial killer owned my car? For real?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	John Lee Roche: (Referring to the number of murders he confessed to) 13 sounds more magical.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: What are we doing here, Mulder? Mulder: Did I mention that Mr Betts had no head?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You check out how he died, I wanna see how he lives. Scully: (Correcting him) Lived. Mulder: Lived.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (Scully wants a desk; Mulder is trying to figure out how to fit it in their tiny shared office) We'll put 'em really close together, face to face... maybe we could play some BATTLESHIP!
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (Explaining how he knew where to find Scully) I checked where we always stay in Philadelphia. I was sure you wouldn't abandon me.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (To Scully) Congrats on making a personal appearance in the X-Files for the second time!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I refuse to believe that. Scully: For all the times that I've said that to you, I am as certain about this as you have ever been.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: (About Mulder's tiny office) At least he doesn't take an elevator up to get to work. Cigarette Smoking Man: (Snarky smile) You think I'm the devil?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: You can't ask the truth of a man who trades in lies.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: The truth will save you, Scully. I think it'll save both of us.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: You wish to bargain for Agent Scully's life? Skinner: (shouting) WHAT WILL IT TAKE?!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: (on the phone with Mulder) There's always another way. [Hangs up; camera pans around to reveal Cigarette Smoking Man] Cigarette Smoking Man: Yes, I think there is. If you're willing to pay the price.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I am hesitant to speculate. Scully: (rolls eyes)
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (to Mulder, sarcastically) You sure know how to make a girl feel special on her birthday.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Does your policy cover the acts of extraterrestrials?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (About to scuba dive to the bottom of a lake) Once, I got a quarter off the deep end at the Y pool!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (looking through Max's trailer) I think you were actually kindred spirits in some deep, strange way. Mulder: What do you mean? Scully: Men with Spartan lives, simple in their creature comforts, and willing to allow for the complexity of their passions.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: More people are trying to get their hands on this than a Tickle-Me-Elmo doll.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: Is this man on the plane? Mulder: I think he got the connecting flight.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (sarcastically) What else about this interests you? Could it be... [reading from magazine cover] "visitors from space?"
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Take your best shot, Scully, but I think there's more going on here than Luke Skywalker and his lightsaber.
tv-x-files	science	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: How would this happen? Scully: The birds and the bees and the monkey babies, Mulder.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I have a theory. Do you wanna hear it? Scully: Van Blundht somehow physically transformed into his captor and walked out the door, leaving no one the wiser? Mulder: (pleased) Scully, should we be picking out china patterns or what?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: So what are you saying, that Van Blundht's an alien? Mulder: (grinning) Not unless they have trailer parks in space.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (a decaying body just fell out of the ceiling) You think the fall killed him?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eddie Van Blundht: (annoyed, looking at Mulder's "I Want To Believe" poster in his office, as Mulder) Good night! This is where my tax dollars go?!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eddie Van Blundht: [As Mulder, walks in to Mulder's apartment and looks around] Where the hell do I sleep?!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: I don't imagine you need to be told this, Mulder, but you're not a loser. Mulder: Yeah, but I'm no Eddie Van Blundht either, am I.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: I have handled this like I've handled everything else you've asked me to do.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: You're in no position to question the terms of our arrangement. Skinner: Then we have no arrangement.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: A man digs a hole, he has to fall into it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: (to Cigarette Smoking Man) If anything happens to her, I will expose you! I don't care what happens to me!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: Only yesterday you said you wouldn't be party to murder, and now, here you are.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (talking to her psychiatrist about Mulder) I guess I never realized how much I rely on him before this. His passion... he's been a great source of strength that I've drawn on.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Level Four. That means I get to dine at the Officer's Club?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: (angrily) I created Mulder! Fat Man: Agent Mulder is dead. Our FBI source confirmed it this morning. Mulder killed himself.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: I never underestimated Mulder. I still don't.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: The very existence of this cure would mean with certainty that I had believed in a lie from the start.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: It's got to happen. Everything in my life depends on it.
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: (to Scully) Yes, I am afraid. But I'm only afraid for you.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: When you compound the lies, you compound the consequences. Scully: All lies lead to the truth.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: Silence won't save you. If you lie, I don't know if anything can. Scully: Except the truth.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I was depending on Scully to tell her story, to weave her tale, to make them believe the lie.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: Agent Mulder...Where you going? Mulder: I.C.U. Skinner: You're moving pretty good for a dead man. Mulder: No, I'm only half-dead.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Please tell me you're here with severe chest pains. Cigarette Smoking Man: I'm here tonight as a friend, Agent Mulder.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Why'd you come here if you'd already made up your mind? Mulder: (smiling) Because I knew you'd talk me out of it if you thought I'd made a mistake.
tv-x-files	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Frohike: Me and the narc have a proposition for you. Langly: What proposition? Frohike: The coolest hack in the world. Langly: [smiles] Say it. [Frohike hesitates] Say it... Frohike: [grudgingly] ...Your kung fu is the best.
tv-x-files	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Langly: Last week, I got into the Maryland DMV to change my endorsements so I could handicap park.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lieutenant: Here's a tip - aluminum foil makes a lovely hat, and it blocks out the government's mind control rays. Keep you guys outta trouble.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Physical therapist: That gunshot wound did a hell of a lot of damage. (looks at Mulder, realizing) ...you're the officer that shot him.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [Looking around at room covered in painted kanji symbols.] I'm gonna take a wild stab here and guess this is a clue.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: What happened?! Skinner: (sigh) You were told to go home, Mulder. Mulder: WHAT. HAPPENED?!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (sarcastically) That's one hell of a plan, Mulder. The serial killer makes us believe that he's guilty, in turn diverting suspicion away from the real estate lady?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (about man who died after swallowing 12 pounds of mud; smiling) Is it possible that he took the term "mud pie" literally?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: His mother said that Bobby can't make friends. He's been in therapy for his anger since 1995. Mulder: (grin) That could be me.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mulder comes in carrying a plastic evidence bag.] Bobby: What is that? Mulder: (points to word "Evidence" clearly written on the bag) Evidence.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (as he climbs a tree) Hey, Scully, is this demonstration of boyish agility turning you on at all?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I don't think this was an act of grave robbing, Scully. Scully: No, that's what we were doing.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (objecting as Mulder starts using a laptop taken from a crime scene) Mulder, that's evidence! Mulder: Gee, I hope so.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (chasing after him) Mulder? Mulder: [moves the lips on the boy he just staked to reveal vampire fangs] Look at that! Eh? [Scully taps the fangs to show that they're just plastic. Mulder looks horrified.] Oh sh- [Credits roll.]
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (looking at the tourist's ugly shirt, sarcastically) Nice threads!
tv-x-files	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (pulling on dead man's collar to reveal two apparent bite marks) Your Satanic cultists have some sharp little teeth. Sheriff Lucius Hartwell: What satanic cultists? Mulder: Go ahead, tell him your, heh, (makes quotation marks in the air, mockingly) "theory."
tv-x-files	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Sheriff Lucius Hartwell: You really know your stuff, Dana. Mulder: (disbelief) Dana?! [Cuts back to Mulder's office; he laughs] He never even knew your first name! Scully: (embarrassed) You gonna interrupt me, or what? Mulder: No, go ahead. (grinning) Dana.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: [speaking into a tape recorder] 4:54 p.m. begin autopsy on one white male, age 60, who is arguably having a worse time in Texas than I am...although not by much. [She picks up the scalpel provided to her and the blade falls off] Scully: Yee-haw.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: But I just put money in the "magic fingers"! Mulder: [hops on bed] I won't let it go to waste!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: But as always, I-I'm very eager to hear your opinion. Scully: (annoyed) Well, it's obviously not a vampire. Mulder: Well why not? Scully: (like it should be obvious) Because they don't exist? Mulder: Well, that's one opinion and I respect that.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (objecting) He had big buck teeth? Mulder: He had a slight overbite Scully: And that's significant? How? Mulder: I was just trying to be thorough!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sheriff Hartwell: Yeah. Okay. Uh... what she said, that's what I'm thinking, and, uh... Yeah.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Historically, cemeteries were thought to be a haven for vampires, as are castles, catacombs and swamps, but unfortunately, you don't have any of those. Sheriff Hartwell: We used to have swamps, only the EPA made us take to calling 'em "wetlands."
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mulder throws his sunflower seeds at Ronnie, which forces him to pick them up] Oh man! What'd you have to go and do that for?! You are in big trouble.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: You're saying that I actually hit him two times. Mulder: Square in the chest. No effect. Scully: ...and then he sort of flew at me like a flying squirrel. Mulder: I don't think I'd use the phrase "flying squirrel" when I talk to Skinner, but... yeah, that's what happened.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coroner: Probable cause of death... [looking at Ronnie Strickland's body with a stake through the heart] Gee, that's a tough one.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (to the sheriff) You can stay behind here with Agent Scully and keep an eye on things where I go check something out. (to Scully, with a bad southern accent) Don't say I never did nothin' for ye!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sheriff Lucius Hartwell: He's just not who we are anymore. I mean we pay taxes, we're good neighbors. Old Ronnie... he just can't seem to grasp the concept of low profile. But, though he may be a moron, he is one of our own.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: One more anal-probing gyro-pyro levitating ecoplasm alien anti-matter story and I'm going to take out my gun and shoot somebody.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krycek: Well, look who's answering the bat-phone.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Guard: Yes, sir? Mulder: We're federal agents requesting permission to enter the base. Guard: Do you have any paperwork to go with that, Agent "Muldar?" Mulder: (annoyed) It's Mulder.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [Speaking to Father Gregory who is praying inside an interrogation room] What are you asking for, Father? Mercy or forgiveness? You know... they say when you talk to God it's prayer, but when God talks to you it's schizophrenia. What is your God telling you, Father?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [leaving the room to go under cover] If you don't hear from me by midnight... (pauses) feed my fish.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: What did you tell him? Scully: The truth ... as well as I understand it. Mulder: Which is? Scully: Folie a deux. A madness shared by two.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner: So this kid is a human oddity. Tell me why anyone would go to such lengths as to kill him? Mulder: This kid may be the key not just to all human potential, but to all spiritual unexplained paranormal phenomena. The key to everything in The X-Files.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder, I just want to remind you that by not informing local PD we are in technical violation of state laws prohibiting contamination of a crime scene. (Mulder pays no attention to her; mutters) Why do I bother?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [Scrapes nail from wall] Ah. Somebody broke a nail. Scully: Is it an animal? Mulder: Well, it ain't RuPaul.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Why are you here? Gibson: They were using me 'cause I can communicate with it. Scully: Communicate with what? Gibson: You already know. You just don't want to believe it. [Mulder and Scully glance at each other]
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farmer: I figure I got better things to do with my fertilizer than going around blowing government buildings sky high. Scully: Yeah. Well, as we said, sir this is just routine. Mulder: (quietly to Scully) So routine, it numbs the mind.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mulder stops the car at a stoplight; Crump screams.] Crump: What are you doing?! Mulder: What? What am I doing? Crump: What the hell are you doing?! Mulder: (sarcastically) I'm composing a sonnet. I'm slowing down for a light!
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: On behalf of the International Jewish Conspiracy, I've got to inform you that we're almost out of gas.
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Crump: Hey, uh... The Jew stuff? No offense. I mean, uh... A man can't help who he's born to. Mulder: (sarcastic) That was an apology, right? Gee, I don't know if I can see to drive my eyes are tearing up so bad.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (on phone) Mulder, are you okay? Mulder: (on phone) Yeah, aside from terminal cell phone withdrawal... That, and I got to pee.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder (as Morris): [Looks into "his" closet, filled with black suits and white shirts.] Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Johnny Cash.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Check out lines were worse than rush hour on the 95. If I heard "Silent Night" one more time, I was going to start taking hostages.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mulder and Scully have just found a corpse.] Scully: You know what's weird? Mulder: What? Scully: Mulder, she's wearing my outfit. Mulder: How embarrassing.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lyda: I don't show my hole to just anyone. Mulder: (grimaces, looks away) Why are you showing it to me?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wayne comes out of the house to see Mulder encouraging the three boys to play with his car.] Wayne: (annoyed) I want those kids out of my car. Mulder: (cheerfully) Okay, speed racers. That's enough driver's education for today.
tv-x-files	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Hotel manager: Oh, miss, we moved your boyfriend's things into your room. Scully: He's my partner, and we prefer separate rooms. Hotel manager: Oh, old-fashioned are you, huh? Well, we're booked solid with the high school reunion. You can take it or leave it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Scully, I don't think it's a coincidence that a cow gets hurled at me just as we're down here investigating the weather. Scully: (checking his scalp and forehead) Mulder, did they check you for head trauma? Mulder: I'm telling you, that cow had my name on it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[All the couples at the reunion are dancing and kissing, including Holman and Sheila.] Mulder: I didn't know reunions could be so... Scully: Wet? [Holman and Sheila approach.] Mulder: Well, how'd it go? Holman: You should try it sometime.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tunisian diplomat: (something Arabic and angry) Mulder: Yeah, so's your mom.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Skinner's assistant: (hearing someone going through Skinner's things in his office, opens the door) Sir? Is that you? (sees that it's actually Mulder) Agent Mulder! Mulder: Hey, do you have the key to this drawer?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (looking at hairs from a blonde wig) Don't hate me 'cause I'm beautiful.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (on phone) Scully. Mulder: (on phone, disguising his voice jokingly) Hi. My name is Fox Mulder. We used to sit next to each other at the FBI. (both smile)
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Want to know what L.H. Rice's birthday is? April 4, 1849. I'm not good at math, but I'm figuring that's a whole lot of candles on the cake.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cassandra Spender: Agent Mulder? Mulder: Shh. Shhh. Shhhh. Cassandra Spender: Oh, my god. (laughing) Oh, my god, I think I'm going to pee the floor. Mulder: (nervous chuckle) Don't... don't do that.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: There must be some kind of mistake. I signed up for the aroma therapy treatment.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deputy Greer: Oh, no. You're going to kill me. Mulder: (annoyed) No, I'm not, but I'd like to. Scully: (holds up badge) Deputy... Deputy Greer: (surprised) The FBI? For real? Scully: (smiles tightly; nods) I'll be in the car.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (in nature documentary narrator voice) If the sea is where life began - where our ancestors first walked ashore - then who's to say what new life may be developing in its uncharted depths. Scully: You know what? Maybe you are a member of the Manson family. (he smiles)
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You know, Scully, someday we're going to look back on this and we're going to laugh. We'll just think of it as, uh... you know man pitted against the forces of nature. Think of it as a test of our mettle. Scully: I don't need my mettle tested.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You don't know this man, mister...? Walter: Uh, Suarez. Walter Suarez. (shines light at looter) Uh, no. He's not with you? Looter: (looks at Mulder awkwardly) I'll put it back. Mulder: Yeah. Everything in your pockets, too.
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: (about the very strict neighborhood) Oh, yeah. Nothing weird going on around here. (following Scully into the house) Hey... ooh, wait a minute. You didn't let me carry you over the threshold.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Mulder... Mulder: The name... is Rob.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Yeah, there's no sign of him in his house. I didn't see him in the storm drain, either. I take it he's dead, Scully. Scully: (correcting him, from the bathroom) Laura. [Mulder sarcastically mouths "Okay.")
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mulder has just put a pink plastic flamingo in the front yard; looks around confidently and pumps his fists] Mulder: Bring it on.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Look, Mulder, huge creatures aside do you care to hear what I think? Mulder: (not quite sarcastic) Always.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (walking in to the X-Files office, where Mulder is pinning pictures to the wall) Aren't you going home? Mulder: (not turning around) I am home. I'm just feathering the nest.
tv-x-files	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (looking through the file) What happened to the dog? Mulder: (sitting close to her) Dog gone... Dog gone... (proudly) Doggone. Scully: (dryly) Yeah, I got it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (stares at him) You're not going to tell me that a dog did this. Mulder: (sounding serious, but grinning) A bad dog.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I think we're speaking in too common terms about an animal we're calling a dog but which displays none of the behavior of man's best friend. Scully: You mean covering up crime scenes? Mulder: (smiles) You get a biscuit, Scully.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stacy: You two looking for Karin about boarding? Mulder: No, it's actually more of a behavior problem. Scully: (glancing up at Mulder) Yeah, he doesn't listen and he chews on the furniture.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (reading some of Karin's book titles) Ah. "The Wolf Inside." "Dogs Don't Lie." "Better Than Human." (pause) "Better Than Human?" Mulder: (shrugging apologetically) She's not a real people person.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: (about the body, chopped in half) Should we arrest David Copperfield? Mulder: (seriously) Yes, we should... but not for this.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phillip Padgett: Best not to question it. (pause) See? You are curious about me. Scully: Well, you lead a curious life. Phillip Padgett: It's not so different from yours I imagine - lonely. Scully: (looks away) Loneliness is a choice.
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Phillip Padgett: I made a mistake myself. Mulder: What's that, Mr. Padgett? Phillip Padgett: In my book, I'd written that Agent Scully falls in love but that's obviously impossible. (looking at Mulder) Agent Scully is already in love.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Arthur Dales: Mr. Mulder... maybe you'd better start paying a little less attention to the heart of the mystery and a little more attention to the mystery of the heart.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alien Bounty Hunter: Show me your true face or you will die without honor. Josh Exley: This is my true face.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Langly: What if 'they' did something to him? You know, to make him pancake himself? Scully: Who's "they?" Langly: You know... "them." Scully: (rolling her eyes) I'll begin with the Y-incision.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frohike: I don't understand. Why would the government want to turn Scully into a bimbo?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Hello, Mulder? Can you hear me? I'm at the hotel. Where are you? What do you mean, "What hotel?" Las Vegas. I'm in Las Vegas, aren't you? You called me. What do you mean you didn't call me? ...Oh, man, I am going to kick their asses.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frohike: So you want to hit the slots? Langly: You know, Byers, growing old with us ain't so bad. Frohike: Oh, shut up, Langly. You really want him to kill himself?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: It doesn't sound like you Scully. I can't believe you're buying this. Scully: Mulder, I'm admitting that I was wrong.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rob Roberts: Welcome to Lucky Boy. May I take your order? Mulder: Yeah, we'll have it our way. (both flash their badges) Scully: FBI. Special Agents Scully and Mulder. We'd like a word with your manager, please.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Rice: But look - there's four Lucky Boys in Costa Mesa alone and something like 30 in Orange County. Scully: (sighing) Thirty-two. Mulder: (quickly, annoyed) Yeah, long day. So let's make this quick. Does everybody have their button?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: What is that? Next to it. Is that, uh... oh, my... ugh. Is that brain? Is that brain matter there? Scully: No, I'd say that's ground beef. Mulder: Ground beef. Scully: Yeah.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: If there's anybody that can tell us about the Millennium Group, it's him. He used to consult for them. Later, he fought to bring them down at the expense of his own career and reputation. Scully: Single-minded. Mulder: Yeah. Scully: Sounds like someone I know.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Max: (to Scully) You must have been a Betty, back in the day. (walks away) Scully: A "Betty"? Mulder: (smiling) Back in the day.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: I'll show you my theory if you show me yours.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: A programmed behavior prompted and manifested by suggestion in this case, a rhythmic motion of the hands producing a unconscious act in a conscious state. (Raises and lowers his hand; she gives him a Look.) Doesn't work on you. (She smiles.)
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: You know, it's funny, when all is said and done, there's not much mystery in murder.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy LaBonge: Yo. Can't you do anything that ain't a hundred years old? That ain't old school, that's decrepit. Maleeni: (patiently) Young man, shall I come heckle you on your job? Make sure you count out the requisite number of McNuggets?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pinchbeck: Come in. Good morning, Mr. And Mrs...? Mulder: (quickly; taking out his badge) Agents... Mulder and Scully. FBI.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy LaBonge: What's in it for me? I mean, let's say I help you out. What do I get in return? Scully: (hopefully) The feeling of pride that comes from performing your civic duty?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Snake handling. I didn't learn that in catechism class. Mulder: That's funny. I knew a couple of Catholic schoolgirls who were expert at it.
tv-x-files	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Reverend, do something about these snakes, please. Reverend O'Connor: You got nothing to fear if you're righteous people. Mulder: (very nervous) Just in case we're not, we could use a little righteous help here.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend O'Connor: Your FBI partner could've learned something about herself if you hadn't stopped me. Some powerful good news, maybe. Mulder: I'd say it's good news for you that she's not here right now, considering what you tried to do to her.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [Whispers after finding her] Samantha.
tv-x-files	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Deputy Wetzel: And it's hard to have a fast-track career in law enforcement when everybody thinks you're nuts. Mulder: Tell me about it.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coroner's Assistant: Well, we got murder victims stacked three-deep in the freezer. Plus you got this camera crew reporting everything. Why? Scully: [to the camera, smiling pleasantly] Because the FBI has nothing to hide.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cigarette Smoking Man: That which makes miracles, can also make great evil.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [on the phone] Mulder. Scully: Mulder, when you find me dead, my desiccated corpse propped up staring lifelessly through the telescope at drunken frat boys peeing and vomiting into the gutter just know that my last thoughts were of you and how I'd like to kill you.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Security Guard: Do you have an appointment? [Skinner and Mulder flash their badges.] Security Guard: (rudely) Do you have an appointment? [They look at each other, surprised, and flash their badges again.] Skinner: (insistent) Maybe you missed this the first time around.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: One more pun and I pull out my gun.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cardinal O'Fallon: Is being made a fool of a crime, Agent Mulder? Mulder: I'd be doing life if it were, sir.
tv-x-files	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: How...? Mulder: [answering the question before she asks] 42. Scully: You've seen this movie 42 times? Mulder: Yes. Scully: Doesn't that make you sad? It makes me sad.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: Can you hot-wire it? Doggett: (confident) Can I hot-wire it? Gone in 60 seconds, Jack. I'm going to strand these lunatics.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sharon Pearl: (looking at watch) Is this going to happen? Doggett: Shouldn't you be telling us that? Sharon Pearl: (smiles) You're no doubt confused, Agent Doggett. I take psychic readings, not see through walls.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doggett: Looks like you missed a spot, Mr. Hangemuhl.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Krycek: We all have a life in our hands. I have yours... you have Mulder's... and Scully has her unborn child. It's who's willing to sacrifice.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mulder closes the laptop and removes the hard drive.] Scully: What are you doing? Mulder: I'm going to book myself on that Princess cruise. Scully: I'll book it for you. (takes the harddrive - and the responsibility - from him. He covers up the boxes, smiles and follows her.)
tv-x-files	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: Well, just remember, boys, this is America. Just because you get more votes doesn't mean you win.
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [hintingly glances towards the couch (he has placed a gift under the pillows)] Scully: [looks and notices gift] Is that for me? Mulder: Yep. Scully: Nice package. Mulder: (stutteringly quietly) Thank you.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Knock on the door] Mulder: Little Caesar, I presume?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Scully nods, sits down with her present. Mulder opens the door, and turns to squint suspiciously at Scully.] Scully: [to deliveryman] Hi. Just give it to the man with the funny look on his face.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doggett: What is this place? Skinner: An illegal medical facility for the purpose of human cloning. It goes on from here. In fact, it occupies the entire warehouse. Doggett: You read about these things but you don't imagine they exist. Skinner: Yeah, just like aliens.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reyes: I'm guessing I don't have time to go to the little girls' room?
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Knowle Rohrer: I'm your new second-in-command.
tv-x-files	love	tv-quote	general	0	Scully: It's okay. I understand. I mean ... it's hard enough caring for a child. Patti: You don't have anyone, do you? Scully: No. (looks down.) But I wish I did. Patti: (smiling) Maybe he'll come back.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doggett: Hell of a thing to wake up to, huh? We stopped after work. She had a beer. Scully: Well, the man who hit her had fifteen. Don't do this to yourself, John.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doggett: Morris Fletcher? Morris: (perks up a little) Finally. What took you so long? You must be Reyes. Enchanté. Reyes: (rolls eyes) Yeah.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morris: Agents, I'm tellin' ya, you don't want these three involved. I mean, they don't even have their ridiculous tinker toy gizmos. This place is like "How The Grinch Stole Radio Shack."
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morris: "Area 51 Exposé!" Ooo! (sarcastic) Where's your new issue? This one's a year old. Frohike: Back off, Skeezick.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morris: (patting Jimmy; sarcastically) Cheer up, Gomer. You're bringin' the whole room down.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Byers: Lone Gunman Newspaper Group. Byers speaking.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reyes: Well, why name himself after cousin Oliver? None of the other Brady's particularly liked Oliver. He was a self-described pest. Scully: A jinx. Cousin Oliver, the Jinx. (SCULLY tries to explain her knowledge of the show.) Oh, so maybe I watched an episode or two.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mulder: [After escaping Knowle Rohrer with help from Krycek's ghost] No! You're dead! Krycek: Go. There's others. [An alarm rings & Krycek vanishes]
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Guard: What are you thinking? Mulder: Where am I? Guard: Wrong answer! What are you thinking? Mulder: I'm thinking about getting the hell out of here. Guard: Wrong... answer! [He hits Mulder and walks to the door of the cell] No sleeping!
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reyes: What is the point of all of this? To destroy a man who seeks the truth, or to destroy the truth so no man can seek it? Either way, you lose.
tv-x-files	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doggett: [answering phone] Yeah... I'll tell her. [He hangs up] Scully: Who was it? Doggett: Skinner. Scully: Agent Doggett? Doggett: Death by lethal injection.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: We have done the impossible, and that makes us mighty.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bendis: We're gonna die. Mal: We're not gonna die. We can't die, Bendis. You know why? Because we are so... very... pretty. We are just too pretty for God to let us die. Huh? Look at that chiseled jaw!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: Kaylee! Go to blackout! We're being buzzed! Kaylee: Shi [Meaning affirmative]. Going dark. [She climbs on top of the engine and flicks a switch, causing everything to go dark] Kaylee: Okay, now I can't get down.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Book: He's not wildly interested in ingratiating himself with anyone, yet he's very protective of his crew. It's odd. Inara: Why are you so fascinated by him? Book: Because he's something of a mystery. Why are you? Inara: [looks taken aback, then smiles] Because so few men are.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: I know something ain't right. Wash: Sweetie, we're crooks. If everything were right, we'd be in jail.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Sir, we don't want to deal with Patience again. Mal: Why not? Zoe: She shot you. Mal: Well, yeah, she did a bit.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Did you send word to Patience? Wash: Yeah, ain't heard back yet. Didn't she shoot you one time? Mal: Everyone's makin' a fuss!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: I believe that woman's plannin' to shoot me again. Jayne: Here's a little concept I've been working on. Why don't we shoot her first? Wash: It is her turn.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dobson is tied up in his room] Mal: I got to know how close the Alliance is, exactly how much you told them 'fore Wash scrambled your call. So I've given Jayne here the job of finding out. Jayne: [draws a huge knife] He was non-specific as to how.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: [to Jayne] Now, you've only got to scare him. Jayne: Pain is scary.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: [over radio] Testing. Testing, Cap'n, can you hear me? Mal: [Standing next to Jayne] I'm standing right here. Jayne: You're coming through good and loud. Mal: 'Cause I'm standing right here.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Don't think it's a good spot sir. She still has the advantage over us. Mal: Everyone usually does. That's what makes us special.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	[After Wash executes a brilliant escape from the Reavers using the "Crazy Ivan", Zoe turns to Mal.] Zoe: Sir? I'd like you to take the helm, please. I need this man to tear all my clothes off. [She grabs Wash by the jacket and drags him off.] Wash: Work, work, work...
tv-firefly	society	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: [Over intercom to Lund and other Alliance supporters] Every man there go back inside, or we will blow a new crater in this little moon.
tv-firefly	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: [To Shepherd Book] Shouldn't you be off bringing religiosity to the fuzzy-wuzzies or some such? Book: Oh, I've got heathens aplenty right here.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: I'm not sure you'd be safe. Inara: Mal, if you're being a gentleman, I may die of shock. Mal: Hm. [Bows and leaves, then reenters] Have you got time to do my hair? Inara: [Sternly] Out.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Sir, I think you have a problem with your brain being missing.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal is insisting on continuing the job, despite the train car full of Alliance soldiers] Mal: Hell, this job I would pull for free. Zoe: Then can I have your share? Mal: No! Zoe: If you die can I have your share? Mal: Yes.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne, still sprawled on the staircase, shoots Crow in the lower leg before he can stab Mal] Mal: Nice shot. Jayne: [Slurred] I was aimin' for his head.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne's attacker, a malnourished settler, has been apprehended] Simon: Oh yes, he's a real beast. [looks at Jayne] It's a wonder you're still alive. Jayne: Looked bigger when I couldn't see him.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Reavers ain't men - or they forgot how to be.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: You save his gorram life, he still takes the cargo. Hwoon dahn. Mal: He had to. Couldn't let us profit. Wouldn't be civilized.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: We'll check it out, see if there are any survivors. And if not, well, then, no one's gonna mind if we take a look around, see if there's not something of value they might've left behind. Jayne: Yeah, no, uh, someone could be hurt!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While Jayne plays virtual pool with a disreputable type, Mal chats quietly with Inara.] Inara: I like watching the game. As with other situations, the key seems to be giving Jayne a heavy stick and standing back.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Planet's coming up a mite fast. Wash: That's just 'cause - I'm going down too quick. Likely crash and kill us all. [As the ship begins to shake, Mal calmly leaves.] Mal: Well, that happens, let me know.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: It sounds like the finest party I can imagine getting paid to go to. Inara: I don't suppose you'd find it up to [the] standards of your outings. More conversation, and somewhat less... petty theft and getting hit with pool cues.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Badger: You think you're better than other people! Mal: Just the ones I'm better than.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal talks to Sir Warrick Harrow about Badger's offer.] Sir Warrick: I know him. And I think he's a psychotic low-life. Mal: And I think calling him that is an insult to the psychotic low-life community.
tv-firefly	food	tv-quote	general	0	Kaylee: Don't you just love this party? Everything's so fancy and they have some kind of hot cheese over there! Cabott: It's not as good as last year. Kaylee: Oh really? What's they have last year? Cabott: Standards.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: And I never back down from a fight. Inara: Yes, you do! You do all the time! Mal: Well... yeah, but I'm not backing down from this one!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: You're always breaking the rules, no matter which society you're in! You don't get along with ordinary criminals either, which is why you're constantly getting in trouble! Mal: You think following the rules will buy you a nice life, even if the rules make you a slave.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Don't take his offer. Inara: What? Mal: Don't do it. 'Cause in the case that it happens, that means he's a fella who killed me, and I don't like fellas who kill me, not in general. I said before I don't have call to stop you, and that's true. Anyways, don't.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[River glances at her brother's homework.] Young River: That's wrong. Young Simon: It's from the book, River. Young River: No, the book is wrong. This whole conclusion is fallacious.
tv-firefly	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon and River whine about getting a dedicated "source box".] Gabriel Tam: I will not have it in my house. But, since your mother's already ordered you one, I guess I should give up the fantasy that this is my house!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon steps in a cowpie as Jayne drives the cargo of cattle out of the ship.] Jayne: About time you broke in them fancy shoes. Hyah! Get along! Mal: You know, they walk just as easy if you lead 'em. Jayne: I like smackin' 'em.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Next time we smuggle stock, let's make it something smaller. Wash: Yeah, we should start dealing in those black-market beagles.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	River: They weren't cows inside. They were waiting to be, but they forgot. Now they see sky, and they remember what they are. Mal: Is it bad that what she said made perfect sense to me?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: I'm very sorry if she tipped off anyone about your cunningly concealed herd of cows.
tv-firefly	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: This is the last time. Last time with cows. Hey, there was an idea regarding beagles? They have smallish droppings? Zoe: I believe so, sir. Also, your disreputable men are here. Mal: Better go take their money.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Shepherd (preacher) Book has been shot.] Book: That's... that's quite a lot of blood, isn't it? Mal: Just means you ain't dead. Book: 'Fraid I might be needing a preacher. Mal: That's good. You just lie there and be ironical.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	River: We're lost. Lost in the woods.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Knew a man who had a hole clean through his whole shoulder, once. Used to keep a spare hankie in there.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne, in the process of ransacking Simon's belongings, pretends to read Simon's journal.] Jayne: "Dear Diary: Today I was pompous and my sister was crazy. [flips page] Today we were kidnapped by hill folk, never to be seen again. It was the best day ever."
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: Did you have a good time at the D'Arbanville's ball? Gabriel Tam: What are you-? Simon: River thought it was duller than last year. But since we don't know anyone named D'Arbanville, I'm having trouble judging.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: Cap'n'll come up with a plan. Kaylee: Well, that's good. Right? Zoe: Possible you're not recalling some of his previous plans.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alliance Commander: Your official seal is out of date, Captain... Harbatken?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon and River have been kidnapped by the hill folk.] Doralee: A place like this might be good for your sister. Quiet, safe... a place where folks take care of each other. Simon: Mmm, yes. Seems like a lovely little community of kidnappers.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doralee: It's the way of life in my findings that journeys end when and where they want to; and that's where you make your home. Simon: This isn't our home. Doralee: If it isn't here, where is it?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal, Zoe, and Jayne watch Book's operation just outside Magellan's surgery room.] Jayne: This place gives me an uncomfortableness.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	River: We won't be here long. Daddy will come, and take us home. And I'll get better. I'll get better.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: It's been a big day, what with the abduction, and all.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gabriel Tam: Are you coming home?
tv-firefly	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: They let us come, and they let us go. What kind of ident card gets us that kind of reception and send-off? Book: I am a Shepherd. Folks like a man of God. Mal: No, they don't. Men of God make everyone feel guilty and judged.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Book: It's good to be home.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon pleads with the hill folk, who have tied River to a stake, preparing to burn her.] Simon: She has done nothing to you! If she dies tonight, it won't be God's will that killed her! It'll be you! Your lunacy, your... ignorance!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: So, finally a decent wound on this ship, and I miss out. I'm sorry. Mal: Well, you were busy trying to get yourself lit on fire. It happens.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: Captain, why did you come back for us? Mal: You're on my crew. Simon: Yeah, but you don't even like me. Why'd you come back? Mal: You're on my crew. Why're we still talking about this?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon and River enter the common room as Mal is telling a joke over dinner.] Mal: So then the Shepherd says to the Companion, "Well, a good goat'll do that."
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: [aside, to Jayne, upon hearing he is married] How drunk was I last night? Jayne: I 'unno, I passed out. Mal: Right.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal's insensitive remarks and horror at being wed have reduced his new bride to tears.] Wash: You brute. Kaylee: Oh, sweetie, don't feel bad. He makes everybody cry. He's like a monster. Mal: I'm not a monster!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal is alarmed about his new bride's expectations and attitudes.] Mal: Someone ever tries to kill you, you try to kill 'em right back! Wife or no, you are no one's property to be tossed aside. You got the right same as anyone to live and try to kill people.
tv-firefly	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Book: If you take sexual advantage of her, you're going to burn in a very special level of Hell. A level they reserve for child molesters and people who talk at the theater. ... Book: [walking away, pauses and looks at Mal] ...the... special... hell.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: I would appreciate it if one person on this boat would not assume I'm an evil, lecherous hump. Zoe: No one's saying that, sir. Wash: Yeah, we're pretty much just giving each other significant glances and laughing incessantly.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wash and Zoe discuss Saffron's oddities.] Wash: Every planet has its own weird customs. About a year before we met, I spent six weeks on a moon where the principal form of recreation was juggling geese. My hand to God. Baby geese. Goslings. They were juggled.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Jayne, go play with your rainstick.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: [After kissing Saffron he begins rubbing his mouth] Son of a... [falls over unconscious]
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: [After kissing Mal when she discovers he is not dead. She begins rubbing her mouth in a similar way] Oh you stupid son of a... [she also falls over unconscious]
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Saffron: Make this night what it should be. Please? Show me the stars. Wash: Wuh duh ma huh ta duh fung-kwong duh wai-shung doh... I wish I was somebody else right now. Somebody not... married, not... madly in love with a beautiful woman who... can... kill me with her pinkie!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: If she can fly this thing, why just take the shuttle? Wash: Maybe she likes shuttles. [Everyone stares at him.] Wash: Some people juggle geese!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: That's why I never kiss 'em on the mouth.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne takes aim at the Net with his favorite weapon.] Jayne: See, Vera? Dress yourself up, you get taken out somewhere fun.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	(Mal has kissed Kaylee on the head) Wash: Captain, don't you know kissin' girls makes you sleepy? Mal: Sometimes, I just can't help myself.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kaylee has expressed her belief that Simon doesn't swear] Simon: I swear... when it's appropriate. Kaylee: Simon, the whole point of swearing is that it ain't appropriate.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Companion Inara leaves for an appointment.] Kaylee: Bye now. Have good sex. [Simon looks aghast at Kaylee.] Kaylee: What?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: Canton really... stinks. Mal: That's what makes it such a good drop point. No one comes through here that doesn't have to. Wash: I vote we do this job really really fast.
tv-firefly	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Foreman: We've over 2,000 workers, mostly indentured. We pay them next to nothing. That way, we can pass the savings directly on to you, the customer.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon struggles to keep up with the foreman.] Simon: Yes. I... I-I've heard great, uh... um, uh... things about mud... [Wash turns to Kaylee.] Wash: What happened to Simon? Who is this diabolical master of disguise?
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: I think they captured him, though. Captured his essence. Kaylee: He looks sorta angry, don't he? Wash: That's kinda what I meant.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: Magistrate Higgins, I may presume. Higgins: You may. But I only make the people I own use my title. Mister Higgins will do fine.
tv-firefly	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Book: River, you don't... fix the Bible. River: It's broken. It doesn't make sense. Book: It's not about... making sense. It's about believing in something. And letting that belief be real enough to change your life. It's about faith. You don't fix faith, River. It fixes you.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mudder: [singing] He robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor / Stood up to the man and he gave him what-for / Our love for him now ain't hard to explain / The Hero of Canton, the man they call Jayne!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sitting in a bar, listening to "The Ballad of Jayne Cobb" being sung] Mal: Uh, Jayne? Jayne: Yeah, Mal? Mal: You got any light you'd like to shed on this particular development? Jayne: No, Mal.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: No. This must be what going mad feels like.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: We gotta go to the crappy town where I'm a hero!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A drunken Jayne stumbles down the stairs, entwined with a local girl.] Jayne: [singing] "The hero of Canton, the man they call 'me'." [speaking] Eggs! Living legend needs eggs!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe: River, honey, he's putting the hair away now. [Book starts to tie his hair back.] River: Doesn't matter. It'll still be there. Waiting.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne learns what extent the mudders went to show their devotion to Jayne] Jayne: [overcome by emotion] You guys had a riot... on account of me? My very own riot?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: [Addressing the collected Mudders] Far as I see it, you people been given the shortest end of the stick ever been offered a human soul in this crap-heel 'Verse. But you took that end, and you... [pause] Well, you took it. And that's... Well, I guess that's somethin'.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne is horrified after a young Mudder's sacrifice to save him.] Jayne: All of you! You think there's someone just gonna drop money on ya?! Money they could use?! Well, there ain't people like that. There's just people like me.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A tidied-up Book stops by to talk to River, who is still "fixing" the Bible.] River: Just keep walkin', preacher-man.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Try to see past what she is, and on to what she can be. Zoe: What's that, sir? Mal: Freedom, is what. Zoe: [pointing] I meant, what's that? Mal: Oh. Yeah, just step around that. I think somethin' must've been livin' in here.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In near-present day, Wash comes in late to hear Book's dinner-table tales.] Wash: Monastic humor. I miss out on all the fun.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon is unable to quickly convey a funny story about being a doctor] Jayne: [interrupting] Now, Inara - she's gotta have some funny whorin' stories, I'd wager. Inara: [laughing] Do I ever! Funny and sexy. [laughs] You have no idea... [suddenly serious] and you never will.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The crew surprises Simon with a birthday cake.] Simon: How did... how'd you know? River, did you...? River: "Day" is a vestigial mode of time measurement based on solar cycles. It's not applicable. [pauses] I didn't get you anything.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the fire is contained, Kaylee reports on the accident.] Kaylee: Catalyzer on the port compression coil blew. It's where the trouble started. Mal: 'Kay, I need that in captain dummy-talk, Kaylee. Kaylee: We're dead in the water.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Kaylee discusses the loss of life support, especially oxygen.] Mal: How long? Kaylee: Couple of hours, maybe. We'll start to feel it... then we won't feel nothin' at all.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: Suffocation's not exactly the most dignified way to go. The human body will involuntarily- Inara: Please, I don't really require a clinical description right now. Simon: I'm sorry. I just, uh... It was my birthday.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: I'm gettin' a little weary of this attitude, Wash. Wash: [chuckling] Are you? Well, I'm so very sorry, sir. I guess the news that we're all gonna be purple and bloated and fetal in a few hours has made me a little snippy.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kaylee: Sometimes a thing gets broke, can't be fixed.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Back in near-present day, Mal "prepares" Inara's shuttle.] Mal: I'm not leaving Serenity. Inara: Mal, you don't have to die alone. Mal: Everybody dies alone.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Back in the near-present day, Mal gets the drop on the treacherous captain trying to take his ship after being shot.] Captain: You woulda done the same. Mal: We can already see I haven't. Now get the hell off my ship.
tv-firefly	food	tv-quote	general	0	[The crew talks about their upcoming visit to core planet Ariel while they eat.] Simon: River you have to eat. It's good. It tastes like - [Takes bite of food.] Simon: It's good. Jayne: It smells like crotch. Kaylee: Jayne! Jayne: Well, it does.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: [to Inara] Could you please tell my wife the fun she's missing out on? Inara: Ariel's quite a nice place, actually. There are some beautiful museums, not to mention some of the finest restaurants in the core. Wash: But... not boring, like she made it sound.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: Big stop just to renew your license to Companion. Can I use "Companion" as a verb?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	River: He looks better in red.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: Which methods did you use? Zoe: We - we tried pulmonary stimulators, and - and cardiac... we... Simon: Infusers. Zoe: Infusers!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: What about cortical electrodes? Jayne: Oh! [long pause] We forget 'em. Simon: Let's try that again.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Pupils were fixed and dilapitated - Simon: Dilated. Mal: Dilated. Dilated! Ching-wah TSAO duh liou mahng! Shiny.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: Unable to get a neural... Simon: Response. Jayne: Response! Hell, I don't know. If I wanted schooling, I'd-a gone to school.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal worries about Jayne's commitment to the comatose Simon and River.] Mal: Look, you got a little stabbed the other day. That's bound to make anyone a mite ornery.
tv-firefly	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: The doc did good, comin' up with that job. Don't mean I like 'im any better. Nothing buys bygones quicker than cash. Maybe I'll give him a tattoo while he's out.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A doctor is hassling "EMT" Mal for his insubordination.] Doctor: You must be new. Don't get comfortable. Your type doesn't last long here. When your supervisor hears about the rude and disresp - AGHHH! [He collapses. Behind him, Zoe lowers defibrillator paddles.] Zoe: Clear.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the two blue-gloved men slaughter the feds, nearby, River starts to panic and run.] River: Two by two, hands of blue... two by two, hands of blue...
tv-firefly	tech	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne fires a fed's stun rifle at a locked door, but it has no effect.] Jayne: Shee-niou high-tech Alliance crap!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal has Jayne locked in the cargo bay airlock, with the door open to the dwindling atmosphere.] Mal: You know, I hear tell they used to keelhaul traitors back in the day. I don't have a keel to haul you on, so...
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[River sees another syringe in her brother's hand.] Simon: I brought some medicine. Do you remember why we went to hospital? River: It's time to go to sleep again. Simon: No, mei-mei. [holds River's hand gently.] It's time to wake up.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Book: Yes, I'd forgotten - you're moon-lighting as a criminal mastermind now. Got your next heist planned? Simon: No. But, I'm thinking about growing a big black mustache. I'm a traditionalist.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After landing at the drop location, Wash carries an apparently heavy crate. ] Wash: So now I'm learning about carrying.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Niska's men have ambushed the drop, killing the buyers and holding Mal and Wash at gunpoint) Wash: Now I'm learning about scary.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While Zoe and Wash are getting ready to assault Niska's Skyplex] Wash: Grenades? Zoe: Oh, yes. Thank you, dear. [Turning to Jayne] They won't be expecting it. Jayne: Right. 'Cause they ain't insane.
tv-firefly	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Book pulls out a rifle.] Book: This should do. Zoe: Preacher, don't the Bible have some pretty specific things to say about killin'? Book: Quite specific. It is, however, somewhat fuzzier on the subject of kneecaps.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Everyone looks up at Jayne, who is suddenly on the balcony, fully armed.] Jayne: What? Zoe: Let's go get the cap'n. [cuts to image of Niska and henchman looking at Mal] Henchman:Yep, he's dead.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zoe; Okay, people. If it moves, shoot it. Kaylee: Unless it's the captain! Zoe: Unless it's the captain.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After River kills three men with single gunshots without looking, she turns to Kaylee, smiling.] River: No power in the 'verse can stop me.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal, while fighting the torturer who once revived him when his body gave out.] Mal: Haven't you killed me enough for one day?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Zoe, Wash, and Jayne come across Mal's struggle with his tormentor. Jayne raises his pistol, but Zoe stops him.] Zoe: Jayne. This somethin' the Captain has to do for himself. Mal: No! No, it's not! Zoe: [surprised] Oh. [They open fire, killing the torturer.]
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: So - I hear you all took up arms in that little piece of action back there. How you farin' with that, Doctor? Simon: I don't know. I, uh, I never - never shot anyone before. Book: I was there, son. I'm fair sure you haven't shot anyone... yet.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As the show opens, Mal is shown sitting naked on a rock, in the middle of a desert.] Mal: Yep. That went well.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Monty: Mal, I want you to meet my Bridget. [Monty steps aside to reveal Saffron, aka Mrs. Malcolm Reynolds. She and Mal draw guns on each other.] Monty: So... you guys have met.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal frisks Saffron.] Saffron: Mmm. You missed a spot. Mal: Can't miss a place you've never been.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: Well, since I can't seem to find work as Companion, I might as well become a petty thief like you! [An uncomfortable silence descends for a moment.] Mal: Petty? Inara: I didn't mean petty. Mal: What did you mean? Inara: Suo-SHEE? Mal: ...That's Chinese for "petty".
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: We're in space! How'd she get here? Mal: She hitched. Wash: I don't recall pulling over!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: Okay. I got a question. If she's got the security codes, why don't she just walk in and grab it herself? Saffron: [sarcastically] Good point!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jayne has departed.] River: Afraid. Simon: We'll be okay. Why the captain is trusting that BOO hway-HUN duh PUO-foo is beyond - River: Not her. Jayne. Simon: Afraid? Since when? River: Since Ariel. Afraid we'll know.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Saffron holds her gun on Durran, Mal draws a gun on Saffron.] Mal: No one's killin' any folk today, on account o' we got a very tight schedule, Yo-Saff-Bridg.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Saffron begins to cry quietly, apparently at the permanent loss of Durran.] Saffron: You must be loving this. [Mal sadly shakes his head no, then nods.] Mal: Little bit.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[River unsuccessfully tries to eat a spherical treat that bobs from a string.] River: My food is problematic. Jayne: Girl's a mind-readin' genius, can't even figure out how to eat an ice planet.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: I got post? Book: Might we all want to step a few paces back before he opens that? Jayne: Ha ha! It's from my mother. [Inara and Kaylee catch up to the post-office crowd.] Inara: So, do aliens live among us? Kaylee: Yeah. One of them's a doctor.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Zoe and Mal open a coffin-sized box to find a body. Jayne peers in.] Jayne: What'd y'all order a dead guy for?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: They don't like it when you shoot at 'em. I worked that out myself.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Tracey, ain't you dead yet? Tracey: Through no fault of my own, Sarge. Mal: Aw... I really wanted your beans.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Everybody dies, Tracey. Someone's carryin' a bullet for you right now, doesn't even know it. The trick is, die of old age before it finds you.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: We're taking him on board? Mal: We are. Jayne: Don't know if I see the percentage in that. Mal: Then don't strain your brain trying. You might break something.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A menacing man scares information about Serenity out of postal clerk Amnon, then chuckles.] Womack: Relax! You've been great. And I was just bluffing with that stuff about arresting you. I mean, who needs that kind of paperwork? Skunk, light him on fire.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Simon starts an autopsy on Tracey's body, the man screams and starts thrashing about.] Jayne: Spry for a dead fella!
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal manages to pin Tracey to the floor, straddling him.] Tracey: Sarge? Mal: Yeah? Tracey: I think I'm naked.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: You wanna explain to me exactly why you got yourself all corpsified and mailed to me?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: So, your innards... ain't your innards?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The crew walks onto the bridge followed by Tracey.] Wash: I think they're about done being stalled to - ahhhh... AHHHHHHH! Mal, your dead army buddy's on the bridge. Zoe: He ain't dead. Wash: ...Oh...
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mal and Wash are attempting to stall Womack, who is pursuing them.] Womack: I'm a dangerous-minded man on a ship loaded with hurt. Now why you got me chattin' with your peons?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wash is flying through the canyon with debris falling onto the ship, Mal isn't flying comfortable.] Wash: Woo! This kind of flying really wakes up a guy! Mal: Awake helps.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[As Tracey lies dying, the ex-soldiers finally complete the old saying.] Tracey: When you can't run, you crawl. And when you can't crawl, when you can't do that... Zoe: ...you find someone to carry you.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Inara departs. Mal melodramatically draws his gun.] Mal: Bwah.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Inara answers Nandi's vid-transmitted appeal.] Inara: It sounds like something this crew can handle. I can't guarantee they'll handle it particularly well, but... Nandi: If they got guns and brains at all. Inara: They've got guns...
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Inara signs off] Inara: I suppose you heard most of that? Mal: Only because I was eavesdropping.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: I'll contact Nandi at once, but you will be paid. I feel it's important that we keep ours... strictly a business arrangement.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: Nandi, this is Malcolm Reynolds. Nandi: I appreciate your coming. Mal: Well, any friend of Inara's is a strictly businesslike relationship of mine.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: I'll introduce you to the rest later. They're good folk. Jayne: Can I start getting sexed already? Mal: Well, that one's kinda horrific.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Kaylee: Everyone's got somebody. Wash, tell me I'm pretty. Wash: Were I unwed, I would take you in a manly fashion. Kaylee: 'Cause I'm pretty? Wash: 'Cause you're pretty.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Inara, think you could stoop to being on my arm? Inara: Will you wash it first?
tv-firefly	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Nothing worse than a monster who thinks he's right with God.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nandi: Captain Reynolds, it took me years to cut this piece of territory out of other men's hands, to build this business up from nothing. Mal: Nandi... Nandi: It's who I am, and it's my home. I'm not going anywhere.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Well, lady, I must say - you're my kinda stupid.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nandi: Truth is, I expected a whole lot more of you to be takin' payment in our trade. Mal: Well, we're an odd conglomeration. Got a preacher, a married fellah, and the doctor... well, he'd have to... relax for thirty seconds to get his play. That'd be more or less a miracle.
tv-firefly	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Simon and Inara tend to Petaline during her contractions. River waits at her feet like a catcher.] Inara: How many babies have you actually delivered? Simon: As the primary? This would be the first. You? Inara: My first, too. River: Mine, too.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	River: Who do you think is in there?
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: Miss Nandi, I have a confession to make. Nandi: Maybe I should get the Shepherd. Mal: Well, I ain't sinned yet. And I'd feel a little more'n awkward if he were here when I did.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Nandi: Malcolm, I been waiting for you to kiss me since I showed you my guns. [Mal kisses Nandi, then draws back for a moment.] Nandi: You okay with this? Mal: I'm just waiting to see if I pass out. Long story.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: So you took to bed with Nandi. I'm glad. Mal: Glad? Inara: Yes! She's a dear friend, and probably in need of some comfort about now.
tv-firefly	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: So, you're okay. Well, yeah. Why... why wouldn't you be? Inara: I wouldn't say I'm entirely okay. I'm a little appalled at her taste. [Cut later to a shot of Inara crying in her room]
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kaylee: Cap'n seem a little... funny to you at breakfast this morning? Wash: Come on, Kaylee. We all know I'm the funny one.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Book: Girls, nobody's going to die! [Cut to Jayne.] Jayne: There's people gonna die.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: [over radio] Whoa, now, girl, that is just plain dirty. Mal: Jayne, you aware your radio's transmittin'? Cause I ain't feelin' particular girlish or dirty at the moment.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jayne: Mal! Looks like we got some imminent violence!
tv-firefly	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Rance is on his knees before Petaline, who holds her infant son.] Petaline: Rance, this is Jonah. Jonah... say "hi" to your daddy. [She shoots Rance.] Petaline: Say "goodbye" to your daddy, Jonah.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[River bends down to look at a bent branch on the leaf-strewn cargo bay floor and picks it up] River: It's just an object. It doesn't mean what you think.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mal: If I want a lot of medical jargon, I'll talk to a doctor. Simon: You are talking to a doctor.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: Little River gets more colorful by the moment. What'll she do next? Zoe: Either blow us all up or rub soup in our hair. It's a toss-up. Wash: I hope she does the soup thing, it's always a hoot and we don't all die from it.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: Psychic, though? That sounds like something out of science fiction. Zoe: We live in a spaceship, dear. Wash: So?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: So you're a bounty hunter. Early: No, that ain't it at all. Simon: Then what are you? Early: I'm a bounty hunter.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: You're outta your mind. Early: That's between me and my mind.
tv-firefly	life	quip	general	0	Early: Man is stronger by far than woman, yet only woman can create a child - does that seem right to you?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Early: Where'd she go? Simon: I can't keep track of her when she's not incorporeally possessing a spaceship; don't look at me.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Early: You gonna be smart here, River? ...River? ...Serenity?
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Early: [outside Serenity in a space suit] You made the right move, darlin'. Best for you to go with old Early. Mal: [appears behind him] You think so? Some of us feel differently.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	River: Permission to come aboard? Mal: You know, you ain't quite right. River: [smiles] That's the popular theory. Mal: Go on, get in there. Give your brother a thrashin' for messin' up your plan. River: [tiredly] He takes so much looking after.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wash: Can I mop your brow? I am at the ready with the fearsome brow mop.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	Inara: Any chance that shiong-mung duh kwong-run might survive? Mal: Air he had left, I'd say his chance'd be about one in... a very large number.
tv-firefly	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Early is floating in space.] Early: Well, here I am.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: She calls me up at my office. She says, "We have to talk." Jerry: Ugh. The four worst words in the English language. George: That or "Whose bra is this?" Jerry: That's worse.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: You know, I've been thinking. I cannot envision any circumstance in which I'll ever have the opportunity to have sex again. How's it gonna happen? I just don't see how it could occur.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Explain to me how this baby shower thing works. Elaine: What do you wanna know? Jerry: Well, I mean, does it ever erupt into a drunken orgy of violence? Elaine: Rarely.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Every woman on the face of the Earth has complete control of my life and yet, I want them all. Is that irony?
tv-seinfeld	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: What did you tell her? George: I told her that she was pretentious. Jerry: Pretentious? The woman has my tax papers. You told her she was pretentious? The IRS - they're like the Mafia. They can take anything they want.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Photographer: Say "astronaut." [Elaine, laughing, walks right up to the lens of the camera] Elaine: Heh-heh. Say what? Ha-ha-heh! Say what? Jerry: [pulls her back] You took too many of those pills.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stella: This better be good. I'm missing Golden Girls for this. Helen Seinfeld: Heh-heh! [Stella walks away] I hate her like poison.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: [on Kramer's ex-girlfriend] If this woman's personality could be seen, it would be like one of those Elephant Man exhibits where they pull back the curtain and everyone gasps.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: Why do you keep watching? Jerry: I don't know. I'm obsessed with it. It's like a spider in the toilet struggling for survival. And even if you know it's not going to make it, you kind of root for it for a second. Elaine: And then you flush. Jerry: Well, it's a spider.
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	George: What do the Chinese have to gain by faking a cure for baldness? Jerry: If it was real, they would never let it out of the country. No baldness, it'd be like a nation of Supermen.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: [jokingly] Jerry, I want to slide my tongue around you like a snake... Ooooooooooha, oooooohaaaa...
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: George, this is one of the nicest things anyone has ever given me! George: Well, good, good. Take it off. You're going to wear it out already. It's for special occasions this thing. Kramer: What's that red dot on your sweater?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Remember, don't whistle on the elevator. George: Why not? Jerry: That's what Willy Loman told Biff before his interview in Death of a Salesman. George: What, you are comparing me to Biff Loman? Very encouraging: the biggest loser in history of American literature.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Noel:I am breaking up with you! George: But you can't break up with me! I've got hand! Noel: And you're gonna need it.
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: But here it was, mountains of duck. And not fatty duck, either, but juicy, tender breasts of duck. Jerry: Wow, she is really hungry!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Are there terrorists on the plane? A hotel fire - is that it? Typhus? Malaria? Yellow fever? Lupus? Is it lupus?!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Is there a pinkish hue? Jerry: A pinkish hue? George: Yeah, a rosy glow. Jerry: There's a hue. She's got great eyebrows; women kill to have her eyebrows. George: Who cares about eyebrows?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Keith Hernandez: [thinking] Come on, I won the MVP in '79. I can do whatever I want to.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: [Kissing Keith, thinking] Who does this guy think he is? Keith Hernandez: [Thinking] I'm Keith Hernandez.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Did you see the way she was looking at me? Jerry: She's a Nazi, George, a Nazi! George: Kind of a cute Nazi, though.
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	Eva: What was that you said about the myth of the Holocaust? George: Oh, I said so many things. I- [a loud blast is heard] They're shooting! They're shooting!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: No, no, I don't think I'm special. My mother always said I'm not special.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: I'm speechless! I have no speech!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Jerry sneezes) George: Ah shut up Art patron: [describing his view of "The Kramer" portrait] He is a loathsome, offensive brute. Yet I can't look away.
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	George: I don't get art. Jerry: There's nothing to get. George: No, it always has to be explained to me, and then I have to have someone explain the explanation.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: All bald people look good in hats. Elaine: You should have lived in the twenties and thirties. You know, men wore hats all the time then. George: What a bald paradise that must have been. Nobody knew.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Do you ever yearn? George: Yearn? Do I yearn? Kramer: I yearn. George: You yearn? Kramer: Oh, yes. Yes, I yearn. Often I sit... and yearn. Have you yearned? George: Well, not recently. I've craved. Constant craving. But I haven't yearned.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: You're not really going to California, are you? Kramer [pointing to his head]: Up here, I'm already gone!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Voice: Murphy Brown. Kramer: Uh, yeah, uh, Candace Bergen please. Voice: Who's calling please? Kramer: Well, just tell her that it's Kramer. [dial tone]
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: I dress by mood. Jerry: And what mood is this? George: This is Morning Mist.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: I hate asking for change. They always make a face. Like I'm asking them to donate a kidney.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Hello 911? How are you?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: No. We had a deal. There are no guarantees in life. Newman: No, but there's karma, Kramer. Jerry: "Karma Kramer"?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Newman: So I sped home to save my friend's life and I was stopped for speeding. Yes, I admit I was speeding but it was to save a man's life! A close friend. An innocent person who wanted nothing more out of life than to love, to be loved and to be a banker.
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You know a muffin can be very filling.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Morty: They stole my wallet. The bum stole my wallet. MY WALLET'S GONE! MY WALLET'S GONE! I had my wallet in my back pocket. It's gone. Nurse: Are you sure? Morty: Yes, I'm sure. I went in to get my x-ray. Somebody takes my wallet. Is that the operation here?
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Helen: If you don't think she's beautiful, there's something wrong with you. Jerry: She's pretty. She's not beautiful. Helen: I should drop dead if she's not beautiful. Jerry: I think that's a little extreme. Leo: She's alright..
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: He's a bubble boy! George: A bubble boy?! Jerry: Yes! A bubble boy! Susan: What's a bubble boy? Jerry: He lives in a bubble! George: Boy.
tv-seinfeld	family	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: Maybe I'll go visit my mother. She just bought me some new panties and they're all "laid out for me".
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Why don't you just get lost? Man: Why don't you get lost?! Jerry: Because I was standing here, that's why! Man: Oh yeah?! Jerry: Yeah! (The man walks away) Jerry: I kinda like this opera crowd. I feel tough. Anybody else got a problem?
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: She's a virgin. I just found out. Elaine: Well, I didn't know! Jerry: Well, it's not like spotting a toupee.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: Hey, what are you doing tonight? Jerry: Dating Marla. George: Oh, the virgin? Jerry: Yeah. George: Any, uh.. progress, there? What's the latest? Jerry: Well, I got my troops amassed along the border - I'm just waiting for someone to give me the go-ahead.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Listen to the bell, Grossbard. It tolls for thee.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: If we pick, do we not bleed?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: I am not an animal!
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: I don't wanna go to a miniplex multi-theater! George: It's the same movie! What's the difference? Elaine: It's not a theater, it's like a room where they bring in P.O.W.s to show them propaganda films.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: I'm disturbed, I'm depressed, I'm inadequate, I've got it all!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Looking at a cleavage is like looking at the sun. You don't stare at it. It's too risky. You get a sense of it and then you look away.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Men are obsessed with cleavage. It doesn't matter how many times we've seen these things. Every time these objects are presented to us, we have to look. We cannot not look. To men, cleavage is like the nearest thing to a nearby UFO landing. That's what it is.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: I've been outed. I wasn't even in!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Everyone thinks we're gay!... Not that there's anything wrong with that.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sidra: And one more thing; they're real, and they're spectacular.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: You know, sometimes when I think you're the shallowest man I've ever met, you somehow manage to drain a little more out of the pool.
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Who's gonna turn down a Junior Mint? It's chocolate, it's peppermint; it's delicious! Jerry: That's true. Kramer: It's very refreshing!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: I guess it can't hurt him... People eat pounds of those things. Jerry: They eat them, they don't put them next to vital organs in their abdominal cavity!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: This is beyond B.O. This is B.B.O.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Usually the O stays with the B. Once the B is gone the O leaves with it.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Salesman: This is our best model: The Cougar 9000. It's the Rolls Royce of wheelchairs. This is like...you're almost glad to be handicapped.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Again with the sweat pants? George: What? I'm comfortable. Jerry: You know the message you're sending out to the world with these sweat pants? You're telling the world: "I give up. I can't compete in normal society. I'm miserable, so I might as well be comfortable."
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Sandi: You're breaking up with me, aren't you? Jerry: Do you want me to break up with you? Sandi: If that's what you want. Jerry: I don't even know what you're talking about. Sandi: Fine. Break up with me. Jerry: All right. We're broken up. Sandi: Can we still be friends?
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: You faked? Elaine: On occasion. Jerry: And the guy never knows? Elaine: No. Jerry: How can he not know that? Elaine: Because I was gooood. Jerry: I guess after that many beers he'd be pretty groggy anyway. Elaine: [chuckles] You didn't know.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: Jerry, we have to have sex to save the friendship. Jerry: Sex to save the friendship. [starts to take off his shirt] Well if we have to we have to.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: This isnt going to be a new look for the '90s. You're gonna be the first pirate! Jerry: But I don't want to be a pirate!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: So I'm all right? I don't need a shot? Doctor: Not shot. Dog bite. Elaine: Yes, I know I wasn't shot. Do I need a shot? Doctor: Not shot. Dog bite. Woof-woof. Not bang-bang.
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: So because of a few bad apples, you're going to impugn an entire continent? Jerry: Yes, I'm impugning a continent.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: [showing off his perfect parking spot to Elaine and Jerry] Maybe the baby would like to see the spot.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boy: (to Jerry) Thanks for ruining my daddy's business, you fat f*ck.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: Jerry...this woman hates me so much...I'm starting to like her.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: A woman that hates me this much comes along once in a lifetime. Jerry: You're a lucky guy.
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: I'm doing a coffee-table book on coffee tables.
tv-seinfeld	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Estelle Costanza: George doesn't work. He's a bum.
tv-seinfeld	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Father/Priest: Is there one aspect of the faith that you find particularly attractive? George: I like the hats.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: By Christmas Day, I will be Brother Costanza. Jerry: And what does Brother Costanza plan on telling Mother Costanza? George: Brother Costanza will be taking the vow of silence.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You're crazy. Kramer: Am I? Or am I so sane that you just blew your mind? Jerry: It's impossible. Kramer: Is it? Or is it so possible that your head is spinning like a top? Jerry: It can't be. Kramer: Can't it? Or is your entire world crashing down all around you?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: He's a male bimbo... He's a mimbo!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Uh, I don't feel so good. Elaine: What's wrong? Jerry: My stomach, I , I think it was that cookie. Elaine: The black and white? Jerry: Yeah. Elaine: Not getting along?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man:[Bumps into George and angrily says] Big Coat! George: Yes, Its a big coat! Kramer: Be careful with that coat, you'll start a war!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	[using the ATM at the same time as the person next to him] Jerry: "Cash advance"? Yes... no. "Balance inquiry"? No. "Receipt"? No. Processing... processing... processing. [to the person next to him] I win!
tv-seinfeld	nature	tv-quote	general	0	George: The sea was angry that day, my friends, like an old man trying to send back soup at a deli!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ricky's supervisor: Ricky, we've been getting a tremendous response to your TR-6 mannequin. Ricky: TR-6? I prefer to think of her as... Elaine.
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: A chef who doesn't wash his hands is like a cop who steals. It's a cry for help.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: How do you stop a kid from growing? Kramer: I told you, you should offer him some cigarettes. Mickey: I offered him cigarettes, but his stupid mother is hanging around. She won't let him have any.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Why don't they just hire another midget? Mickey: It's "little people"...You got that?!
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Hey Elaine, what do you say, if neither of us is married in 10 years, we get hitched? Elaine: Make it 50. Kramer: We're engaged!
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	George: A guy leaves a puddle of sweat, that's a signal? Elaine: Yeah, it's a social thing. George: What if he left you a used Kleenex? What's that, a valentine?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: She lives with her parents. George: Really? Maybe this will become like a cool thing, living with your parents. Jerry: Yeah, then maybe baldness will catch on.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Hey Jerry, you ever wear silk underwear? Jerry: No. Kramer: Put that on the top of your list. Jerry: No, not for me. A little too delightful.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: Oh, isn't that weird that George and Jane haven't had sex yet, but they're spending a weekend together? Jerry: I know, George is pretty pleased about it. It's like she signed a letter of intent.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: The New York Yankees? George: The New York [turns Yankees hat around] Yankees! Jerry: Ruth, Gehrig, DiMaggio, Mantle ... Costanza!?
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ms. Rhode Island: I'm watching my weight. Jerry: I'm watching my height. My doctor doesn't want me to get any taller.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Look, if you think I'm just going to step aside and do nothing while you defile this woman, you're crazy.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: People on dates shouldn't even be allowed out in public.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: He doesn't even care if a man answers. Elaine: Or you.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leo: She can't do that, she's on a very fixed income! Stop the show!!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: I need the secure packaging of Jockeys. My boys need a house!
tv-seinfeld	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: [referring to George] It's a shame his parents didn't get divorced thirty years ago. He could've been normal.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Is it? C-could it? Could he have? It is! Poppy peed on my sofa!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Jerry, you stand on the threshold to the magical world of sensual delights that most men dare not dream of.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You're in the kitchen. You see an éclair in the receptacle. So you think to yourself, "What the hell, I'll just eat some trash."
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: We should get you to a hospital. Kramer: I ain't going to no Bellevue.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: [singing] Everybody's talkin' at me... can't hear a word they're sayin'... just drivin' around in Jon Voight's car...
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: I'll have the turkey club without the bacon. George: And I'll have the bacon club without the turkey.
tv-seinfeld	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Secretary: As you can see, my references are impeccable and I think I'd be a real asset here. My only concern is: I take care of my mother. Will there be many late nights? George: I can't imagine any.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You got no waist in that thing. George: And your arms look like something in a kosher deli.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank God that you know me and have access to my dementia?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Would you be able to come all the way downtown during rush hour again? Jerry: Well, I'd have to be Superman to do that, Lois.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: So, you were the fastest kid in school. Jerry: Faster than a speeding bullet, Lois.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: "I CHOSE NOT TO RUN!"
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: He recycled this gift. He's a regifter.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Oh, it's "Risk." It's a game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Who is he not to talk to you about his life-threatening illness?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: You think I tell Jerry everything? It's not like he's my wife.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Jerry, just remember, it's not a lie if you believe it.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Talking about George's toupee] Kramer: Its a perfect match. Jerry: Are you kidding? I can spot that bird's nest two blocks away.
tv-seinfeld	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	George: I love these people. You can't ask 'em questions. They're so mentally gifted that we mustn't disturb the delicate genius unless it's in the confines of an office. When huge sums of money are involved, then the delicate genius can be disturbed!
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: How 'bout those Knicks? Doorman: Oh, I see. On the sports page... Jerry: Yeah. Doorman: What makes you think I wasn't reading the Wall Street page? Oh, I know, because I'm the uneducated doorman.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You know what you're doing? You're turning into Jimmy. George: George is getting UPSET!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: [referring to a doodle of himself] I look like a troll!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: What's this, a drawing of Mr. Magoo? Jerry: No, that's George.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You know what a good mechanic is worth? You can't compare that to sex.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Morgan: I suppose we all look alike to you, right Costanza?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Katie: Jerry, I don't want you to freak out. Jerry: I'm freakin' out! I am freakin' out!
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	George: I watched "Beaches" on cable last night... give me a break. Bette: Get some talent. Then you can mouth off.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Susan: I just want you to know that I love your son very much. Estelle: You do? Susan: Yes. Estelle: Really? Susan: Yes. Estelle: May I ask why?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Look at this, Jerry. That's littering. Jerry: Maybe you better call the cops and turn me in. Kramer: Maybe I will.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: New shirt? George: Yeah. You like it? Jerry: No, not particularly. George: Why, the color? Jerry: Yeah. George: Too flashy? Jerry: Yeah, it's burning my retina.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Oh, by the way, tomorrow night Paul O'Neill has to catch a fly ball in his hat.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Well, you know the important thing is that you learned something. Jerry: No, I didn't.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: (to Elaine) You're killing independent George!
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: She's too good. George: Too good? Jerry: I mean, she's giving and caring and genuinely concerned about the welfare of others. I can't be with someone like that. George: I see what you mean. Jerry: I admire the hell out of her. You can't have sex with someone you admire.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: I just couldn't decide if he was really sponge worthy.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Message on Jerry's answering machine after being informed of George's death] Frank Costanza: Jerry, it's Frank Costanza. Steinbrenner's here. George is dead. Call me back.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Boy, I miss the days they made toys that could kill a kid.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Susan has this doll collection, and one of the dolls looks exactly like my mother. She likes to sleep with it. Jerry: Wow. You were in bed with your mother last night? George: Felt like it. I tell you, this doll is pretty spooky. It's freakin' me out, man.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Excuse me. Excuse me. Are you asking him out? Jessie: Yeah... I guess you could say that.. Jerry: Right in front of me! How do you know we're not together? Two guys sitting, laughing, drinking "Champagne Coolies."
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: I'm telling you right now, Elaine, this guy's gonna dangle that dress in front of you like a dirt farmer dangles a carrot in front of a mule.
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Steinbrenner: [after smelling the calzones] Constanza is in the building! And he's not in his office! Constanza! He's got the calzone! I've got you! [runs out of his office]
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farmer's daughter: No, Daddy, don't hurt him! I love him! Goodbye, Norman! Goodbye!
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: It was unprecedented. I mean, it was the first truly mutual breakup in relationship history. No rejection, no guilt, no remorse. Elaine: You've never felt remorse. Jerry: I know. I feel bad about that.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: What's wrong? Elaine: Oh, Peterman ran off to Burma and now he wants me to run the catalog. Kramer: Where? Jerry: Myanmar. Kramer: What's that? The discount pharmacy?
tv-seinfeld	love	verse	general	0	Newman: Her bouquet cleaved his hardened shell, And fondled his muscled heart. He imbibed her glistening spell, Just before the other shoe fell.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jerry, George, and Kramer meet their "doubles" for the first time] Elaine: Jerry, George, Kramer. This is Kevin, Gene, and Feldman. Jerry: This is really weird..
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Have you ever seen Elaine dance? Jerry: Elaine danced?! George: It's more like a full-body dry heave set to music.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bania: Why do they call it Ovaltine? The mug is round. The jar is round. They should call it Roundtine. That's gold, Jerry! Gold!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: You know Frank, you could take a break. Frank: No breaks. I feel reborn. I'm like a Phoenix rising from Arizona.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: [pointing toward the guy] See that salesman, twirling that umbrella. Elaine: Uh huh. Jerry: I invented that.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Wilky: We feel that Mr. Kramer projects a rugged masculinity. Jackie Chiles: Rugged? The man's a goblin. He's only been exposed to smoke for four days! By the time this case gets to trial, he'll be nothin' more than a shrunken head.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Little Jerry's a lean mean peckin' machine!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: The whole fight lasted two seconds! Jerry: How long do they usually la - Kramer: About five seconds.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: [in slow motion, trying to save Little Jerry] LITTLE JERRYYYYYYYY! Jerry: KRAMMMMMERRRRRRRRR! Elaine: Stop the fight!! George: Tamales!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: I had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating ME!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: [on an answering machine, sung to the tune of Greatest American Hero] Believe it or not, George isn't at home. Please leave a message at the beep. I must be out, or I'd pick up the phone, Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not home.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Newman [While driving his car that is dragging Elaine's sewing machine on the road over the two lane highway after Kramer accidentally spills flammable paint thinner]: You're once, twice, three times a- [Truck goes on fire] AAAAAH!!!! Oh the humanity!
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: How could you not love that movie? Elaine: How about, it sucked?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The phone rings.] Jerry: Hello? Telemarketer: Would you be interested in a subscription to The New York Times? Jerry: Yes. [hangs up]
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	George: Attention, Steinbrenner and front office morons: your triumphs mean nothing. You all stink. You can sit on it and rotate!
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	George: When do you start to worry about ear hair? Jerry: When you hear like a soft rustling.
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: So you're pretending to be a tourist? George: It's beautiful. She makes all the plans. I'm not from around here, so it's okay if I'm stupid. And she knows I'm only in town visiting, so there's no messy breakups.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: I hereby declare this summer the summer of George!
tv-seinfeld	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	George: Severance package...The Yankees are giving me three months full pay for doing nothing. Jerry: They did it for three years. What's another few months?
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	George: What is Holland? Jerry: What do you mean, "What is it?" It's a country right next to Belgium. George: No, that's the Netherlands. Jerry: Holland is the Netherlands. George: Then who are the Dutch?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Elaine and Puddy going to Europe for a month.] Kramer: A month in Europe with Elaine? That guy's coming home in a body bag.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Serenity now! Serenity now! George: What is that? Frank: Doctor gave me a relaxation cassette. When my blood pressure gets too high, the man on the tape tells me to say "Serenity now!" George: Are you supposed to yell it? Frank: The man on the tape wasn't specific.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Anyway, you're lucky I was there. You lost a lot of blood. Jerry: (nervous) ...What? Kramer: Yeah. You got three pints of Kramer in ya, buddy! (Jerry screams. Trying to calm him down, Kramer starts screaming too)
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman: [indicating Kramer's dummy] Why is the mailman wearing a bucket? Kramer: Because we are blind to their tyranny. Woman: Then shouldn't you be wearing the bucket?
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: Hey, Jerry! Come in here a sec! Hey! Jerry: Oh, my God! Kramer: It's the Merv Griffin set! Jerry: How did you get this in here? Kramer: Oh, you just bring it in sideways and hook it. Jerry: So where are you gonna sleep? Kramer: Yeah... backstage.
tv-seinfeld	food	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: I've sliced meat so thin, you couldn't see it. Elaine: How did you know? Kramer: I guess I just assumed.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: You can stuff your sorries in a sack, mister!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elaine: He schnapped me!
tv-seinfeld	science	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: They're cloning sheep now. Kramer: No, they're not cloning sheep. It's the same sheep! I saw Harry Blackstone do that trick with two goats and a handkerchief on the old Dean Martin show!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: It's Christmas for some, a Festivus for the rest of us!!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Hey George, I'm buyin' this car! George: Shh. What is wrong with you? You never tell them you like the car! You're not sure what you want. You don't even know why you're here!
tv-seinfeld	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: You've been hiding her from us. you must really like her? George: Ah! the minute I saw this girl, we just clicked. She's got such a nice face... hmm, her eyes, her mouth, nose... Elaine: We know what a face consists of.
tv-seinfeld	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: [reading the latest Ziggy comic] "The New Yorker's stealing my jokes". Ha, now that's funny... because it's true.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glenn: You are the bear claw in the garbage bag of my life.
tv-seinfeld	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: House in the Hamptons? George: Well, you know, I've been lying about my income for a few years; I figured I could afford a fake house in the Hamptons.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: That guy: swarm, swarm!
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Kramer, listen to me. I'm never gonna have a child. If I lose this "Frogger" high score, that's it for me.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kramer: [on the phone] Hey, I'm on First and... First. How can the same street intersect with itself? I must be at the nexus of the universe.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: Jerry, I've been thinking. I've gone as far as I can with "George Costanza". Jerry: Is this the suicide talk or the nickname talk?
tv-seinfeld	society	tv-quote	general	0	Man: Hey! There's a guy burning the Puerto Rican flag! Bob: Who! Who is burning the flag?! Kramer: Oh, no. Bob: Him? Cedric: That's not very nice.
tv-seinfeld	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hoyt: State your name. Soup Nazi: Yev Kassem. Hoyt: Could you spell that? Soup Nazi: No! Next question.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: What I hear when I'm being yelled at is people caring loudly at me.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lawrence: Hey park lady! You suck. Leslie: Hear that? He called me park lady.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: Am I the only [beep]ing person here who doesn't know Jeanine Restrepo?
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Do you think that marrying penguins made some kind of statement? Tom: Yes. The statement was that you're very lonely and you need a pet.
tv-parksrec	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: When Andy and I used to go the movies, he would always try to guess the ending of the movie. And he would always guess that the main character had been dead the whole time. Even when we saw Ratatouille.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: I had to call in a few favors. But if you don't call in favors to look at women in bikinis and assign them numerical grades, what the hell do you call in favors for?
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I was uh, dropping my niece off. Ann: What's your niece's name? Leslie: Torpel. What?! I don't know. That's not a name. I don't have a niece... my niece's name is Stephanie?
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: I passed up a gay Halloween party to be here. Do you know how much fun gay Halloween parties are? Last year I saw three Jonas Brothers make out with three Robert Pattinsons. It was amazing.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Greg: Are you crying? Andy: I AM NOT CRYING, OK? I'M ALLERGIC TO JERKS!
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Check this out. These are all the possible routes from Greg Pikitis' house to the statue. Ann: That looks like something you would find on the wall of a serial killer. Leslie: In a way, that's a compliment. It shows dedication.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: I have never taken the high road. But I tell other people to 'cause then there's more room for me on the low road.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Yes, we are a team, but I am the team leader. So I made a bold decision: we're playing it safe.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I think this is gonna be a really good bonding experience with Ron. Guys love it when you can show them you're better than they are at something they love.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: There is a great dinosaur-themed restaurant in Patterson. It is called Jurassic Fork. I have gone there three times a week for the last 15 years.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: This seems like none of our business. Leslie: Be supportive, OK? Don't be all like, "No. I don't want to. I am a guy and I like fire, and playing hockey and eating meat. No, no says I." April: That was a really good Ron. Leslie: Thank you.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: What is your ideal man? Leslie: He has the brains of George Clooney in the body of Joe Biden.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Justin is hip. Pawnee is the opposite of hip. People in this town are just now getting into Nirvana. I don't have the heart to tell them what's going to happen to Kurt Cobain in 1994.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Leslie needs to butt out. The whole point of this country is if you want to eat garbage, balloon up to 600 pounds, and die of a heart attack at 43, you can. You are free to do so. To me, that's beautiful.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Wendy: Tommy, I just want you to know I'm so grateful for everything you did for me, but I only see us as friends. Tom: For now. But think how much better our friendship would be if we added...doin' it.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Come on Leslie, you know I'm not sexist. I love powerful women. Leslie: You do attend a shocking number of WNBA games.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Let me explain something to you, Tweep. When you're in a situation, you don't have time to think. So I thought to myself, "Don't think, Andy. Act." Tom: So you weren't thinking. Andy: Not at all. I cannot emphasize enough how little I was thinking.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: So if you had to sleep with one of the old guys, who'd it be? April: The super old one. Andy: Really? April: Mm-hm. I'm an eyebrow girl. I want to make out with him and chew his eyebrows off.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: Marchtember Oneteenth
tv-parksrec	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Every year, Pawnee Cares teams up with the local cable access station to raise money for diabetes research. And it's important because Pawnee is the fourth fattest town in the U.S. It goes us, Dallas, Tulsa and certain parts of the Mall of America.
tv-parksrec	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I am only here because I owe Leslie a thousand favors. I'm not big on charities. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish, and you feed yourself. He's a grown man. Fishing's not that hard.
tv-parksrec	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: I take care of my body above all else. Diet, exercise, supplements, positive thinking. Scientists believe that the first human being who will live 150 years has already been born. I believe I am that human being.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jean-Ralphio: One time I waited outside a woman's house for five days just to show her how serious I was about wanting to drill her. Turns out, it was the wrong house. She loved the story anyway. We got to third base. Over the pants.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mark: Recently I had been thinking about maybe leaving this job but I felt like I needed a sign. And then Ann broke up with me the week I was going to propose, the government got shut down, and yesterday one of those pigeons took a [bleep] on me. And I was indoors. So...
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I am an official member of a task force dedicated to slashing the city budget. Just saying that gave me a semi.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: So are you happy to be back at work? Leslie: Well, our budget has been slashed to zero. I tried to buy fertilizer the other day for the soccer field. Request denied. We literally can't buy [bleep].
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: Stop...POOPING.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: That was amazing. That was a flu ridden Michael Jordan at the '97 NBA finals. That was Kirk Gibson hobbling up to the plate and hitting a homer off of Dennis Eckersley. That was... that was Leslie Knope.
tv-parksrec	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I typed in your symptoms here and it says you might have... network connectivity problems.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: [flu ridden] It's not that I don't trust Ben, it's that I don't have faith in Ben. Also, I'm starting to forget who Ben is.
tv-parksrec	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: I have a resting heart rate of 28 beats per minute. The doctors who studied me said that my heart could, literally, pump jet fuel up into a jet.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: My body is like a microchip. A grain of sand could destroy it! [exasperated] My body is a microchip...
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: [delirious, to wall poster] Good evening everyone, I'm Leslie Monster and this is Nightline.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: You had me at "Meat Tornado."
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: Oh, I love any book about vampires, werewolves, monsters, zombies, sorcerers, beasties, or time-traveling romances. And if I had an hour alone with Robert Pattinson, he would forget all about Skinny Legs Magee, I'll tell you that much.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I know Tammy seems scary, but really she's just a manipulative, psychotic, library book pedaling, sex crazed she-demon.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tammy Two: You're a joke. You're not even a man anymore. Oh, and by the way, last night I faked four out of the seven. Ron: So did I.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait, wait. I'm worried what you just heard was, "Give me a lot of bacon and eggs." What I said was, "Give me all the bacon and eggs you have". Do you understand?
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ken Hotate: There are two things I know about white people. They love Rachael Ray. And they are terrified of curses.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: Hey, I love you. Andy: Dude, shut up! That is awesomesauce!
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I just want to get the work over as soon as possible so I can do some fishing. Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga except I still get to kill something.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I'm so desperate I even brought in my dream journal hoping it would inspire me. Ann: [reading an entry] "I married ALF and we're pretty happy." That sounds nice. Leslie: It was.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Attention, everybody! Madams and...mis...wahs? If you would do me the obligation of having your honor, heretofore, in the room doth right over there, uh, hence. Ron: What? Andy: Big event, in that room, fifteen minutes.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Who's to say what works. You know, you find somebody you like and you roll the dice. It's all anybody can do.
tv-parksrec	family	tv-quote	general	0	Natalie: [Wedding toast for April and Andy] My sister's really lame. But Andy's pretty cool. I guess I kinda see why he would marry her. Also, if anyone has seen my grey hoodie I lost it, thanks. [Walks off stage]
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: The key to burning an ex-wife effigy is to dip it in paraffin wax and then toss the flaming bottle of isopropyl alcohol from a safe distance. Do not stand too close when you burn an ex-wife effigy.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: [presenting his cook-off entry] Here's mine. It's a hamburger, made out of meat, on a bun, with nothing. Add ketchup if you want, I couldn't care less.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: That's what you see when you close your eyes at night, Jerry: topless Leslie glued to a horse!
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: Are you eating turkey chili off of a Frisbee?
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I don't like loud noises and people making a fuss. And I especially don't like people celebrating because they know a piece of private information about me. Plus the whole thing is a scam: birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: The only thing I'm guilty of is loving Pawnee. And punching Lindsay in the face and shoving a coffee filter down her pants.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: You've gotta try role play like me and April. Ben: ...that explains the costume. Andy: Yeah, like you're her boss and you can't sleep together because sex is forbidden. Ben: ... That is our actual situation.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: Leslie, we have to go hire a new PR director for the health department. Leslie: Oh my god I'm so hungover. I've never been this hungover. Ben: I feel great. I ran 5K this morning. Leslie: Really? Ben: No, I threw up in the shower.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ben and Leslie are interviewing people] Ben: Thank you, we'll let you know.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Interviewee walks out] Ben: And then our heads will explode, and we will die... [sigh]
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I'm gonna go see a man about some porcelain, you know what I mean? I'm not buying cocaine. I'm going to the bathroom. The whiz palace, as I like to call it.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	[after her and Ben's first kiss] Leslie: Uh-oh.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. I read that one on a can of lemonade. I like to think it applies to life.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: This spaceship keyboard is driving me crazy! I'm down to one word a minute. And the word is 'perfishisklep'.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: What's the point of doing 10,000 pushups a week if you have no one to do them with. I'd much rather do 5,000 pushups with a lovely woman... sitting on my back to increase my resistance.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I have cried twice in my life. Once, when I was 7 and was hit by a bus, and again when I learned that L'il Sebastian had passed.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perd Hapley: There you have it, where it is the thing Leslie Knope just said about this situation.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Basically we are being attacked by Godzilla, and to beat Godzilla, we need Mothra. No offense. Tammy Two: None taken. I'm very flattered.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Derry: Welcome to "Thoughts For Your Thoughts." I'm Derry Murbles, filling in for David Parker who took off for 8 months to study the migration patterns of our nation's squirrels. He has not been heard from since.
tv-parksrec	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: What is wrong with you today? Did they cancel Game of Thrones? Ben: Nothing is wrong, just do your job. And they would never cancel Game of Thrones. It's a crossover hit. It's not just for fantasy enthusiasts, they're telling human stories in a fantasy world.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: Relaxation lesson number one: acupuncture. It's great for your back and your rear. Needles in your face, pleasure in yo' base.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Hey Ron, good to see ya! Weren't you a pirate last year? Ron: Yes. This is my Halloween costume.
tv-parksrec	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Well, Entertainment 720 is dead. It's up in company heaven along with Pets.com, Blockbuster, and Ask Jeeves. My company is no better than a company where you ask a fake butler to Google things for you.
tv-parksrec	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: What religion am I? Well, I'm a practicing none of your [bleep] business.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I need a few more volunteers. Andy, will you be Iceland? Andy: The bad guys from Mighty Ducks 2? Don't think so. Leslie: OK, how about Japan? Andy: The bad guys from Karate Kid 2? Even worse. How about Germany? They've never been the bad guys.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: It's a white flag, and you better start waving it now, Leslie! Leslie: The only thing I'll be waving is your decapitated head on a stick in front of your weeping mother! Ben: ...Good Lord.
tv-parksrec	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I value a good education, so I don't want to see Andy waste his time in college. Of all my co-workers, he's one of a small number whom I don't actively root against. Ah, there I go getting all sappy.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Ann, you beautiful tropical fish.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: It's true. I no longer have highly trained, professional campaign managers. So what? Are most murders committed by highly trained, professional assassins? No, they're committed by friends and coworkers! ...That analogy was way better in my head.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: He is attractive, and charming, and his family employs half the town. But so what? I am a lifelong government bureaucrat who's well versed in the issues. And those are the kind of sexy qualifications that win elections.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: Is everybody feeling good? April: Oh, I don't know Jerry. It's Sunday night, I'm making phone calls to strangers, and you're in my house. My life couldn't be worse.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: [on bowling] Straight down the middle. No hook, no spin, no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: When I eat, it's the food that's scared.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: April hates Valentine's Day. And brunch, and outside, and smiling. [laughs] She's weird.
tv-parksrec	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Hey, Kris Kross, can we change up the music? It kinda sounds like the end of a movie about a monk who killed himself. Chris: It is.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I'm sorry, I was talking to these ribs.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: We're not big on hospitality. The Meagles are a cold people.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: "Not enough ramps" is the number three complaint among Pawnee seniors, right behind "Everything hurts" and "I'm dying."
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: It reminds me of when my dad made me choose which of my pet calves to slaughter with my own hands for my 6th birthday. I couldn't choose, so I slaughtered both of them. And they were delicious.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: It says "nympho" on the butt in silver sparkly letters. Nympho means you're addicted to sex, and since it's on the butt, there are other implications as well. So those are a maybe.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Now if you'll excuse me, there's a hot, spinning cone of meat in that Greek restaurant next door. I don't know what it is, but I'd like to eat the whole thing.
tv-parksrec	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: If I had to have anybody tell me that I have cancer, I would want it to be me.
tv-parksrec	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Donor: So you do a lot of investing? Andy: We dabble. I recently invested in some shirts at a garage sale. Left those at a Wendy's on the way home, so... [chuckles, lifts up wine glass and stares at it] The economy.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: He's just playing hard ball. Let me tell you how it's going to go down: In a few minutes, we'll walk in there, we'll give him our demands, and then BAM, I start crying.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: From now on, we will be using code names. You can address me as Eagle One. Ann, code name: Been There, Done That. April is Currently Doing That. Donna is It Happened Once In A Dream. Chris, code name: If I Had To Pick A Dude. Ben is Eagle Two. Ben: Oh thank God.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: Your victory speech, Councilwoman Knope. Leslie: Someday, when I'm more emotionally stable, I want to read the concession speech you wrote for me. Ben: I never wrote it.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Your work is appreciated. Eat some corn.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I'm never gonna be a cop. I'm gonna have to be a robber.
tv-parksrec	arts	tv-quote	general	0	April: Are you busy? And writing Star Trek fan fiction doesn't count. Ben: Ha. ...And I finished that last week.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: The perm must wait, Autumn. THE...PERM...MUST...WAIT.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marshall Langman: Guurrl, you look like Annie Oakley and Pippi Longstocking had a baby and I LOVE it.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: (on phone with Leslie) I love you. Leslie: I love you too. What are you wearing? Ben: I can't do that right now.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: Marry me? Leslie: Oh, yeah!
tv-parksrec	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: If there's anyone who can bring my parents together, its NO ONE. No one can bring my parents together.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: I'm so happy I want to shout it from the rooftops! Ben: And she has. We've gotten several noise complaints/ Leslie: We're getting married!! Ben: All right.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I can never tell if people are lying to me. I hope that doesn't come up in my police work
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: Just call me, Municipal Bond
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I started working on something very important. Can you help me? Chris: Yes sir. Ron: (To the camera) Its a flight of stairs leading nowhere.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ben: I don't know if you knew this, but Leslie was born in Eagleton. Leslie: Do not blame me for the sins of my mother!
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I'm allergic to sushi. Every time I eat more than 80 pieces, I throw up.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Merry Congratuchristmas! Ron: What?
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: It's cold outside and I can't wear mittens because they're not flattering to my hands!
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: To Tom Haverford! Wooo! Tom: And to my wife Rihanna! We truly did find love in a hopeless place
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: I can't keep referring to basketball players as Khloe Kardashian's husband and his friends.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	April: You know what? I think men are better than women. Leslie: She's kidding April: No I'm not. they provide for us and we must obey them because they are our masters.
tv-parksrec	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: You are officially a baller. Tom: I've been a baller since birth, son. Now, I'm an athlete.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Jerry. I never thought I would say this, but I am so glad you're here.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: There's been a mistake. You've accidentally given me the food that my food eats.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: So tomorrow, I lead a public forum in Leslie's Fleetwood Mac sex pants. Andy: Fleetwood Mac sex pants. New band name. I call it. [snaps fingers] Ooh, you know what? Maybe just Fleetwood Mac.
tv-parksrec	life	quip	general	0	Tom: It smells like some vomit took a dump in here.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: [Ben, Ron, and Chris all have food poisoning] I didn't eat those stupid mini-calzones. Haver-Food rule number six- Never eat anything with a sauce I have to dip myself. Drizzle it on for me. I'm not your maid.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: Damnit, Jamm. I should have had animal control kill you. Animal Control: Huh.. Who do you want me to kill...I'll kill them.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: The tables showed up which is good, but there are no chairs which is bad.
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Love? Love fades away. But things? Things are forever.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: Did you just pee your pants? Jerry: Just a dab. Donna: You nasty Jerry.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: I hate to say this, but Ann Perkins has terrible taste in rings.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerry: When I heard Leslie was getting married, I was all, "to Ben or to Game of Thrones." Tom: Nooooo... Jerry!
tv-parksrec	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: [to Leslie] Before we go inside, I'd like to say something. You are a wonderful person. [voice breaks] Your friendship means a lot to me. And you look very beautiful.
tv-parksrec	work-money	quip	general	0	Ron: People who buy things are suckers.
tv-parksrec	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I wish this office was just walls.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ann: Before I write that letter, you have to spend a whole week doing everything I say. April: So what, I have to be your slave or something? Ann: No, you have to be my friend April: Ugh, that's so much worse.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: You're a smart successful young man with an adorable belly.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: Last year I won an organic gardening contest. Donna: Who were you competing against? Chris: My own taste buds.
tv-parksrec	food	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk, which is water that's lying about being milk
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: May I say for the record that is a dope pocket square
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: HIs nickname around the office is Softypants Mchuggable.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: We should sue Jamm's parents for spawning a human turd burger.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Pop quiz. Name the scent. Ben: Ummm Spasm. No, Butterface.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leslie: April, I got a present for you. [holding a basket full of lotion bottles] April: I don't like lotion. I like my hands to be cracked and calloused like a railway worker. Leslie: I know. I filled the bottles with fake blood, vinegar, and mud. April: [smiles] Really? Thanks.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: Normally, if given a choice between doing something and nothing, I'd choose to do nothing. But I will do something if it helps someone else do nothing. I'd work all night if it meant nothing got done.
tv-parksrec	life	joke	general	0	Tom: One time my refrigerator stopped working and I had no idea what do to! I just moved.
tv-parksrec	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: There are only three ways to motivate people: money, fear and hunger.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	April: My spirit blood is on your hands.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Ron, ask me if I am sad. Ron: No
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Donna: Andy will never be the new Jerry. Nothing embarrasses him. He is like a giant puppy with no shame.
tv-parksrec	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: I'm gonna buy some sweat pants and a Nicholas Sparks novel. Might as well lean into it.
tv-parksrec	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Look, Hogwarts. Ben: No, that's Buckingham Palace. Hogwarts is fictional. You do know that, don't you? It's important to me that you know that.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: History began on July 4, 1776. Everything that happened before that was a mistake.
tv-parksrec	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ron: I thought you needed some air, even if that air is fouled by the stench of European socialism.
tv-parksrec	family	tv-quote	general	0	Tom: Your son, he's my best friend, he's like a brother to me, but he's a disaster. And your daughter, she needs to be put in a mental institution. On an island. In space.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Will: This is a strange resort, man. I mean, the wheelchair service is great, but that suite I rented, there was another person in it. And for some reason the bellhop gave me an enema. J.D.: Yeah, he's new here.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Tanner: Sweetie, I'm seventy-four years old, I'm ready to go. J.D.: Yeah, but with dialysis, you could live another... eighty or ninety years! Mrs. Tanner: I think you're being a little irrational. J.D.: No I'm not. Mrs. Tanner: Everybody dies sometime. J.D.: No they don't.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: What in the name of Are You There, God? It's Me, Margaret were you thinking?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Your ex-wife. She's the answer. Dr. Cox: Uhhh... Things that ruined my life. Things that took half my money? Things with sharp edges!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: So he has a cute butt. Everyone has a cute butt. I have a cute butt. Carla: You should bring it in sometime.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I want you to know, if I ever need surgery again, I want you inside of me. Turk: I wanna be the one inside of you.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Janitor: Your new nickname is Scooter. J.D.: Why? Janitor: It's short for scooter pie. [J.D. stares at him blankly.] I hate scooter pie. J.D.: Oh, now I see. [voiceover] Ya big jerk.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] Oh, God, his ex-wife. The tension actually hurts. You have to break it; say something, anything! [aloud] Banana hammock! Dr. Cox: I'm betting your ability to thrive under pressure is what drove you to medicine.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex: Does this big metal contraption make me look fat? J.D.: More chunky than fat.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] I've been thinking a lot lately about taking chances, and how it's really just about overcoming your fears. Because the truth is, every time you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, you're always glad you took it.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Okay, it's true, I have never said "I love you" to a woman before. Todd: Well, then, how do you get them to sleep with you?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [about to sleep with his girlfriend for the first time] Remember when the new Star Wars movie came out? It was all built up, and when people finally saw it, it wasn't that great in bed?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Janitor: Girl problems? J.D.: How'd you know? Janitor: Look like you got problems. You're a girl. Hence, girl problems.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [To Dr. Cox just entering the hospital] Dr. Cox, I was wondering... Dr. Cox: I'd say you're about a B-Cup. [looking at J.D.'s chest] Yeah. Janitor: At least they're real. J.D.: [voiceover] Yup, a great place to heal.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Okay, so you're having a little trouble asking out Kristen. There's no shame in it. Dr. Cox: Whoa there, Curly, I got no problem asking a woman out. Watch this. [to a passing woman] Wanna have a drink sometime? Woman: No. Dr. Cox: Good. [to Turk] See? I'm fine over here.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Hey Bambi, you know Mr. Simon made one of the night nurses cry? J.D.: Which one? Carla: Frank. J.D.: Frank used to be a Navy SEAL!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: He doesn't know that I cry sometimes because...I'm not sure there's a cat heaven.
tv-scrubs	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: The key to my exercise program is this one simple truth: I hate my body. You understand that the second you look in the mirror and you're happy with what you see, baby, you just lost the battle. Turk: You should give speeches to teenage girls.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Hey, do you know any women who hate themselves enough to actually date me?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: Sex is for two things: making babies and revenge.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jordan has just witnessed Dr. Cox trashing J.D.] Jordan: Good job, D.J. J.D.: It's J.D.! You know, at least I remember the names of all my sexual partners! Jordan: Well, I'm sure that girl from high school and your bunkmate from Camp Morningwood are both extremely grateful.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Dr. Kelso, how can you make love to your wife if she's at fat camp? Dr. Kelso: The question is, how can I make love to her if she's not at fat camp?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: [Talking to patient] It's like being blind in one eye, except you'll be blind in both.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: Unfortunately, you've, uh, put us in somewhat of a legal bind. Kelso: Way to go, Ted. My God, man, you couldn't scare a child. Ted: Wh-who would want to?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: A patient's blaming me for losing his sense of smell. Ted: Oh my God, you cut off someone's nose?! Where is it? Do you have it on you? You're disgusting. J.D.: Ted, I don't have the nose. Maybe you should calm down - Ted: MAYBE YOU SHOULD CALM DOWN!!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: You don't want to get on Bambi's bad side, and suffer the wrath of Bambi!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Julie Keaton: Plomox is the most effective antiarrhythmic drug on the market right now, and it has minimal side effects - only nausea, impotence, and anal leakage. Dr. Cox: [smiling] I'm gettin' two out of three just from the conversation!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [to the Janitor after he asks him if he's been stealing pudding and toilet paper] I hate pudding, and I don't use toilet paper... [pauses] I have one of those French things that shoots water up your butt. Janitor: Bidet? J.D.: Bidet to you, sir.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Dr. Reid, this is not "Bring Your Problems To Work Day", this is just "Work Day".
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] And then she said something every man is dying to hear... Elliot : We can be sex buddies... J.D. : [hears fanfare] I mean... if you want.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Oh, and by the way, Barbie: if word were to get around that Uncle Cox was doling out the feel-goods... [grins] I'll make you pay. You have no idea. Huge.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: I'm dating a Murse! J.D.: Well it's better than dating a mecretary or a manicurist... oh wait, that works.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: I'm going home. Dr. Cox: No, no you're not- Jordan: Bye-bye! Dr. Cox: Jordan, your water just broke. Jordan: This kid's annoying me already.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Todd: Oh, Miss Pacman, I would sex that bow right off your head. Oh, eat those dots, you naughty girl!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: You are what you eat. And you clearly went out and devoured a big fat guy, didn't ya?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Moyer: These are my machines! Carla: Sir - Dr. Moyer: MY MACHINES! Turk: Whose machines? Dr. Moyer: MY MACHINES! J.D.: [to Turk] How was that helpful?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Oh, so you've never dreamed about your wedding day. J.D.: [drifts off] Priest: Do you, John Dorian, take Marcia Brady to be your wife? Maureen McCormick: My name is Maureen McCormick. J.D.: Marcia, please! Father, continue.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: [To Dr. Steadman] You're a doctor? Here, all this time I thought that you were some kind of parasitic creature that lived shoulder-deep inside Big Bob's colon. Dr. Steadman: [To Dr. Kelso] If only, sir.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Look, Dan. I want to apologize for everything I said. For what it's worth, I really like having you around. Dan: No, you don't. J.D.: I know. I have dreams where I staple your fingers to your face.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Do you...do you think that my son will like me? Carla: Oh, God no.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: [kisses Cox] Hurry home tonight so you can ignore your son and not do your share. Dr. Cox: [laughs weakly] You make me want to kill myself and everybody around me!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Carla, if your wedding ceremony's gonna be in Spanish, how will I know that you're officially married? Carla: [sarcastically] Cause all my cousins will throw tortillas in the air and fire their guns. Elliot: Really? God I wish I was ethnic.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Hey champ, what has two thumbs and doesn't give a crap? [points to self with thumbs] Bob Kelso. How ya doin'.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [to J.D., who is flaunting his new hair wax] Your hair smells like Elliot's. J.D.: Well, your breath smells like chimichangas! [storms off] Carla: [to Elliot] Was that racist? Elliot: Well, it depends. Did you have chimichangas for breakfast? Carla: ...Maybe.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kevin Casey: [to Ted] Hey Hair Club, that suit does it come with the flop sweat?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kevin Casey: If there is something you know you can do, whether it's intubating a patient, or copping a squat on the roof, and your mind keeps throwing up road blocks, just know you can drive right through them..."
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: Sir, I think I know how my problem concerns a loved one. Kelso: Go on. Ted: It concerns me...? Kelso: Swing and a miss.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Shower Shorts? J.D: For the man who has nothing to hide, but still wants to.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Laverne, what would you give me if I got this jellybean in your cleavage? Laverne: A concussion.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Christopher! Turk: Christopher? You only call me that when you're mad at me... or when we're having sex. Baby, are you mad when we're having sex? Carla: ...Sometimes.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Danni: Do you even enjoy spending time with me? J.D.: "Enjoy" is such a strong word. I... I'm used to it! Y'know, like cafeteria food, or the constant threat of terrorism.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Bob, I cannot believe you're going to turn this hospital into a money-making machine that coerces people into spending their hard-earned cash on expensive procedures they don't even need. Dr. Kelso: Why not? It sounds like something I'd do.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Carla, when I look in your eyes I see the future. I see kids. I see minivans. You name it, I see it. The weird thing is, as long as I see your smile, none of that stuff scares me.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D: (narrating: it came clear that i needed to discuss my problem with someone. [he opens a door and a man with a bare chest answers the door] Larry:Yeah? J.D: O.K not him.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: You just said you didn't care. Why are you fighting? Dr Cox: I can't stop
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: [Drunk] Dr. Turkleton! Turk: Actually sir, it's just Turk. Dr. Kelso: That's your first name. Turk: You think my name is Turk Turkleton? Dr. Kelso: [Carla walks up] And Mrs. Turkleton! The Turkletons! [chuckles; leaves to find bartender] Can I get another Scotch?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Newbie, do you want me to give my "things I don't care about" speech again? Because I've updated it to include all white guys who add -izzle to anything. J.D.: I agrizzle, my nizzle.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: So what do you think? Dr. Cox: Well, Bob, either this kid's got a light bulb up his butt, or his colon has a great idea.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D: [narration] ...That's why it's always nice when someone takes the time to reach out and befriend you. New Doctor: [Approaching from behind a wall] Hey! I'm Ron, I'm a new doctor here. J.D: Hey Ron, the "I don't care" ward's down there.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[J.D. has just regained his residents' respect] J.D.: Lonnie, slap your face! [Lonnie does so] J.D.: All of you, slap your faces! [All the residents slap their own faces] J.D.: Awesome.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Janitor kicks J.D. out of his van into the desert] J.D.: What are you doing?! The Janitor: It's been four years! How do you not get how this works?! [The Janitor drives off leaving J.D.]
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Dr. Cox, I'd like to take this one. Dr. Cox: Go ahead. J.D.: [greeting a patient] Mr. Steel, first name, Man of. Dr. Cox: And you're done.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Oh, my God! I'm gagging and vomiting at the same time. I'm... I'm gavomiting!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox (to J.D.): Can I ask you a personal question? Just how long has it been since you swept the stuffed animals off of your bed, thrown your ankles up in the air and thanked whatever god you pray to that you didn't have on your granny panties?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Shore it up, people. Neena Broderick's in the building. Ted (yelling): WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE! J.D. (narrating): As tactless as it was to yell that in a room of very sick people, Ted had a point.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Shake this place up! And for God's sakes, get Murphy out of here! Carla: Don't worry, Doug, you're a good doctor. Doug: I know! (turns around and accidentally jolts Carla with the defibrilator paddles)
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Corman (to Neena): Your father's gonna be just fine. The place is top-notch! I practically live here! Neena: Are you a doctor? Mr. Corman: Massive hypochondriac. If you'll excuse me, I have to go harass a surgeon.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Turk (on answering machine to J.D.): Dude! Mr. Corman is suing me! And that ice princess is his attorney! When did he get a chance to meet her?! What am I gonna do? Call Turk as soon as you get this!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: J.D., how could you do this to Turk? You guys are so close I occasionally have nightmares of you running away together! J.D.: Where do we go? Turk: One time we went to Aspen. J.D.: Oh, I hope it was summer. I'm not that big a skier.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk (to J.D.): I want you to stop seeing her. J.D.: Fine. But I'm only ending it because friends come first. Carla: Plus, you already had sex with her. J.D.: 4 and a half times!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Christopher Duncan Turk, you tell him how you really feel, just like you told me last night, or I will do it for you. (imitates Turk) "Baby! Why does he hurt me so bad?"
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D. (narrating): No matter how much we like to pretend otherwise, strong confident women will always have the power over us. Whether they're fighting for respect, fighting for their man, or even just fighting for the hell of it. Strong women make all guys feel the same way.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murry: [to his father] ...If you need a kidney you can have mine... for $70,000. Dr. Cox: I love this moment so much, I want to have sex with it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Hey I just wanted to take a second to thank you, For constantly berating me doubting my abilities and the overall devastation of my self-esteem. Dr. Cox: My pleasure.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Marks (to J.D.): Hey, I bought you a present. J.D.: Oh, my God, a journal! Mr. Marks: Well, you seem like the kind of sensitive young buck that likes to chronicle his feelings. J.D. (narrating): I can't wait to chronicle this one!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D. (narrating): Make the flesh and blood argument again, but in a different way. J.D.: Blood and flesh, Murray. Murray: I'll do it. J.D. (narrating): Jackpot!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Okay, so I tried to get some x-rays back from the lab tech by making a kissy face, and he asked me if I had palsy! Jordan: Elliot, if you want to get ahead, you have to use what God gave ya! Carla: Or in your case, what Dr. Fineberg gave you. Jordan: Exactly!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Oh, I'll just be a sec. Dave, can I get an orange soda? I'm so hot and thirsty. Dave: It's on me. (gives Elliot the orange soda) Interviewer: I'd like an orange soda too. Dave: Oh, I'm sorry, that was the last one. How sad.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox (to Mr. Marks about J.D.): Boy, tell me about it. You know, I got this kid who constantly ignores my advice, and then flashes me the sad doe eyes every time I call him a girl's name or scream in his face. Mr. Marks: Do you wanna sing about him? Dr. Cox: No. Not ever.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D. (to Murray): Sometimes Dr. Cox is all over me, like every second of my life. Murray: Why do you keep talking about your boss like he's your father? J.D.: Remember? Recently deceased dad? Murray: Massive heart attack! J.D. : Yes! I mean, yes.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Elliot, wait! Elliot, you did your flirty manipulation thing in front of that guy in there, and now, well, he kinda thinks you're this despicable floozy ho excuse for a doctor!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Yeah, I'm not that great with kids. They've got such tiny hands. It's creepy.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Elliot, if you need any help, just ask Dr. Diagnosis. You can be my sidekick! Bangs McCoy!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: [as a leprechaun] Top o' the mizzle to ya, me nizzles!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kylie: I'm getting my Masters in Political Science. J.D.: I love politics, ask me anything. [narration] What are you doing? You don't know anything about politics. You're screwed unless she asks about Bush or the bald assistant president who has all those heart attacks.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Turk is sitting on a counter, waiting for Carla and holding her purse.] Dr. Kelso: What in the hell are you doing? Turk: I get to have sex! Dr. Kelso: I hate this place.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Danni: Hey, grouchy pants! Do you wanna hang out? Dr. Cox: Does "hang out" mean choke you?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: [After defeating Carla in arm wrestling] DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET, CARLA?! DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU MESS WITH THE WARRIOR?!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Jordan, your only skill is illegal in 26 states. Jordan: It's 27. Arkansas buckled.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [frantic] Turk! If you can't remember to put the cap on the toothpaste how are we going to raise our children? You know what? I'm going to stay with my sister!
tv-scrubs	arts	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Why can't Carla just let this go? Elliot: Wouldn't you be mad if you caught your husband talking to his ex-girlfriend? J.D.: Yeah... but mostly because I had a husband.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Perry, you just go right ahead and say what you want, cause Dr. Bob Kelso is back in action and he hasn't missed a step. Now, where do we keep the sick people?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Nothing in this world, that's worth having comes easy
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Check out what I found when I was takin' out the trash! [Shown wearing a top hat] J.D.: That is the most ridiculous hat I have ever seen. [voiceover] And I must have it!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: How is it that no man understands that every woman, whether she's sixteen or sixty, still has that awkward, insecure, self-conscious teenage girl inside of her?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jake: [to J.D., about Elliot] That girl's kinda cute, what's her story? J.D.: She's a dude. Jake: Yeah, huh. J.D.: Gotta look at the Adam's apple, buddy.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Look, Elliot, I've got my own problems. I don't have time to deal with your little sex pickle. Dr. Kelso: [passing by in his Rascal motor-chair] Really? She spent two years dealing with yours. J.D.: I hate that thing!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Listen, if you're having trouble finding a vein for an IV, please don't page me. If you're desperate, we're lucky: this is a city hospital, there are plenty of heroin addicts who are quite adept at this.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Jason, when you're filling out a female patient's exam report, her breasts can be "healthy" or "unhealthy," but never "bangin' double-Ds."
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: [To Dr.Cox] Get off my back. I'm not in the mood. [He hefts Turk over his shoulder and carries him out to Carla, who's sitting at a bar.] J.D: Say that again. Turk: Get off my back. I'm not in the mood. J.D: That's what she said! [points to Carla] Zoom ZOOM zoom!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: J.D., you have to get out! This place is tiny and I'm sick of seeing your man-panties hanging all over the bathroom. J.D.: They're called boxers, Carla. Carla: They're satin, J.D. J.D.: With a breathable cotton crotch panel. [voiceover] King me!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Carla, at 6:41 tomorrow evening, I turn thirty. I have to find one thing on this list I can do by then. Dr. Cox: Maybe you could swing by our parts department and pick up a pair of testes. J.D.: Haven't you used that joke, like, a trillion times? Dr. Cox: I'm okay with it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[J.D.'s hand is moving involuntarily after being pummeled during a game of "jiggly ball"] J.D.: I think there's something wrong with my spine, because I'm not doing that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: I can get mad, Turk, if you give me a little help. Turk: If you had no hair, you'd look like Danny Devito. Carla: Oh Turk, a little help.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [to the Janitor] I want you to be in the staff picture. [Janitor picks up and hugs a clearly terrified Carla] Carla: I thought you were going to kill me. Janitor: I fought the urge.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Why aren't you freaking out? Look at him - your kid's, like, all green and slimy. Dr. Cox: I suppose it's because when Jordan was pregnant, I mentally prepared myself for her giving birth to something green and slimy.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: Did you hear the lottery's up to $100,000,000? If I win, it's going to be separate beds for me and my mom! Carla: And you could spend the other $99,999,000 on therapy.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Morning, Elliot. By the way, Julie's here, but I'm not gonna kiss and tell. Elliot: Oh, really, 'cause I just got your text. That said "Bone City." J.D.: [acting surprised] Oh, really. That came through?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [narrating] And now his boyfriend will comfort him. J.D: Don't listen to her Brown Bear, your body's fierce. Turk: Is it? J.D: Like Taye Diggs. Turk: [to Carla] Taye. Diggs.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: J.D., I don't want to do this! Can't we just go home and put our PJ's on and watch Grey's Anatomy? J.D.: Oh, I do love that show. It's like they've been watching our lives, and then just put it on TV!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: He seems strangely impervious to my threats. That annoys me.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: And Gandheroo, I need you to talk to a young, pregnant black girl who will not let me call her mom. Turk: Why would she listen to me? Dr. Cox: I may have told her that you were Kanye West. Turk: I'm actually alright with that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Mr. Barry, I misplaced your chart, I forgot, what's wrong with you again? [looks at Mr. Barry] Oh, that's right, you have a kitty cat stuck in your mouth. Or should I say you have a person stuck around you, little guy. Goochie goochie.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: [to Elliot] Don't tell anyone I'm nice.
tv-scrubs	life	joke	general	0	Janitor: Knock knock. Who's there? Nurse Mophead. Nurse Mophead who? You have a mophead.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jill Tracy: I know he wasn't here yesterday. But I thought maybe he got the day wrong and he'd be here today with roses. Is that sad? J.D.: It's not not sad.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Now Dr. Cox needs our help getting through this. Jordan can watch him in the morning and at night, but she's got Jack, plus... she's not that emotionally available. Jordan: [cheerfully] I'm dead inside!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Barbie why did you order this test? For the love of God, are you a real doctor or a doctor like Dr. Pepper is a doctor? Hmmm?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Remember when I first started dating Turk and I wanted to bail on him because he cried at the end of sex? Turk: [alarmed] Baby! J.D.: [to Turk] Relax, Brown Bear, there's no shame in cry-maxing.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kim: Hey, dudes. J.D.: Don't "hey, dudes" us! You know what really bothers me? Kim: Non-threatening colloquial greetings?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Okay, guess what flavor baby food this is. Keith: Cab driver feet?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patient: I was so obsessed with getting my J.D. that I never did the things I really wanted to do. Start a family. See the world. Janitor: Punch a whale. Patient: Nah, I punched a whale. Right in the face. Down he went, like Liston.
tv-scrubs	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Jesus figurine: No abortions! J.D.: What if the parents are both drug addicts who'd neglect and abuse the child? Jesus figurine: Oh, in that case it would be OK. J.D.: Really? Jesus figurine: NO abortions! How are you not getting this?!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] The only thing worse than not knowing why a patient is crashing, is being offered help by the hospital's grief counselor, Dr. Hedrick. Dr. Hedrick: Need help, old friend? J.D.: Oh yeah, her kidneys are failing, give her a pep talk, stat!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Keith is dressed in a one-piece wrestling outfit] J.D.: Hey, nice singlet! Does it come in hetero?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: I haven't sung since the sixth grade talent show when I sang Pat Benatar's "Hell Is For Children". Then at the end, Mr. Shaman the emcee said "No, hell is for everyone who heard you sing that song." My mom was so mad at him that she slept with him and ruined his marriage.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [singing] You're the only man who's ever been inside of me! Turk: [to Mrs. Miller] Whoa, whoa, I just took out his appendix.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pvt. Dancer: Even though no one ever comes, every time I hit this nurse's button, I feel a bit better. Dr. Kelso: That's morphine. Pvt. Dancer: That explains it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: You've been wrong so many times that I'm not even going to say something is wrong anymore. I'm going to say that it's "Dorian".
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: You have to help J.D. Dr. Cox: Any other day, I'd just say no, but today, I'm gonna go ahead and say... no.
tv-scrubs	arts	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] Suddenly, all of our memories of the last six years came flooding back, like a clip show in some sitcom too lazy to come up with a fresh story.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: I mean, what the hell? If I wanted my patients to be more depressed I'd just have them read Newbie's latest blog entry. J.D.: "Why being really lonely is sometimes super awesome."
tv-scrubs	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Oh, and FYI, I happen to like the voiceovers on Grey's Anatomy. Except for when they are really vague and generic. J.D.: [voiceover] And so in the end I knew what Elliot said about the way things were had forever changed the way we all thought about them.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: [About Heather] I'd let her give me a bath. I don't care if my mom was watching.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: I am not telling anyone that my daughter has been born. J.D..: But you just told Jordan that you're gonna... Dr Cox: Yes, and that's what we call a lie, or, when you're married, communication.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Melody: Of course, we could make out. [J.D. looks at her, surprised] Melody: Yeah, I know it's a little bit trampy but, what the hell, so am I.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Does heart trouble run in your family? Patient: My uncle was shot in the heart.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Todd: Hey, guys. I hear there's a Steel Magnolia in room 309 that needs a little pruning. Turk: Todd, she's 68 and has syphilis. The Todd: The Todd accepts all applicants, regardless of age or disability.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Keith has just proposed to Elliot] J.D.: [voiceover] As I looked at all the relationships around me... Some that had gone on forever... some that were reigniting... and some that had just begun... I realized something: It should have been me.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[J.D. has just found out Kim did not miscarry their child] J.D.: Were you ever planning on telling me? Kim: Yes, but I didn't know what to say. J.D.: How about: "J.D., I think there might be something living inside my uterus."
tv-scrubs	food	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Before Izzy was born, if I saw a half-eaten meatball sub in the trash you better believe I would dust that bad boy off and go to town on it! But now, I'm not risking my health eating trash-food. I mean, unless it's a corn dog. Dr. Cox: Thank God you've procreated.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: I've seen the Wiggles live in concert... twice. Turk: Did they perform "Big Red Car"? Dr. Cox: They opened and closed the show with it. It was awesome.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I can't believe I almost messed things up with Kim. What is wrong with me? Dr. Cox: [walking by] You are an annoying, whiny man-child. J.D.: That question wasn't directed at you! Dr. Cox: What question?
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: My kid's not even born yet and I'm already screwing up his life. I just want him to be really happy and normal, you know. Dr. Cox: First of all, Newbie, we're talking about your kid, so the whole normal part was never gonna happen.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Kelso is consoling his son over the phone] Dr. Kelso: Of course you had to break up with him. No one you love should ever sell your car without asking and then blow the money on meth.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [looking in awe at a baby] I'm a dad! Turk: That's not your kid. J.D.: I know, but he reminds me of Sam. Turk: That's a girl. J.D.: Stop ruining it! Why do you have to ruin things? I was having a moment, here!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: I'm going to say something to you that's been said to me by every person I've ever loved: I'm really disappointed in you. You are pathetic and weak and I don't love you any more, GET OUT!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [In janitor's uniform] It's like the ammonia is seeping into my brain and making me violent and angry and hateful! Janitor: Yep, that's how it starts. J.D.: [Angrily, to Boone] What the hell are you looking at? Janitor: Nice!
tv-scrubs	life	quip	general	0	Ted: Chicks, huh. They're all soft and cuddly but you never get to be with one.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Turk and Dr. Cox talking about rateyourdoc.org] Turk: There's no way I'm losing to J.D. There must be some way we can take him down. Dr. Cox: I thought he was your best friend. Turk: Winning is more important than friendship. My gram-gram taught me that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr Cox: So, Gandhi, what did your wife think of her terrible present? Turk: I haven't told her yet. I mean, I was going to, but her not knowing I understand Spanish is like having a secret power. It got me flapjacks for dinner. Dr Kelso: You got brinner? DAAAAAMN, Turkledawg!
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Turk and Carla are talking in Spanish about J.D. and Elliot] Turk: Like them. I bet you that in two weeks they will be back together. Carla: Do you think so? Some people are not going to like that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The ladies' room is being cleaned; Elliot decides to use the men's room] Elliot: [reading off the bathroom stall's wall] "Rate Dr. Reid's butt?"... Yes! 9.2! Thank God this hospital's full of white guys. . . . Kelso: Don't be too pleased with that 9.2. That's out of 100.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: [seeing Turk and J.D. hug] I need one of those. J.D.: A hug? Ted: No, a black friend. I think it would make me much cooler. Turk: I should be offended, but he's right.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Janitor, are you familiar with the term "delusions of grandeur"? Janitor: I believe I coined that term.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I'm doing this thing where I take a slice of someone else's wisdom and use it in my own life. Jordan: Seems coincidental. J.D.: And yet I do it almost every week.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: [as the Knight] My name is Percival Cox. You're killing my friend. Prepare to die.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: [narrating] And the princess and the idiot decided that their kiss didn't mean anything. [JD as The Village Idiot and Elliot as The Princess shake hands] Because in the end... they were both idiots.
tv-scrubs	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Denise: You know, it's ironic that cancer starts with "can", because at this stage there's nothing we can do about it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Maddox: Hey, how come all you have in here is a smiley face button and a revolver? Ted: Well, one's in case I get sad, and the other one in case I get really sad... Dr. Maddox: [uncomfortable] Well... see you tomorrow. Ted: We'll see...
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] Finally, Ted said what we were all thinking. Ted: [to Kelso] Why are you spending your retirement in the place you used to work? It's so sad. By comparison, it almost makes my life seem... [pause] Aw! Still sad!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: You're a much stronger person than you used to be. I've changed, too... I have a beard now. Elliot: How about you? Do you still let that voice in your head control you? J.D: [voiceover] This is getting too serious! Kick her! Kick her in the head! [out loud] Not so much.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I grew up on the street... No, not the hood. Sesame Street.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Dude, have you been having fantasies about Muppets all day too? Turk: No, I'm straight. J.D.: That's just un-called for.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: I'm not what you would call a winner. Oh sure, I'm a lawyer. But that's only because I took the test in Alaska and they only have four laws, most of which are about when you can, or cannot, kill... seals.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Death doesn't really bother me unless it's someone I know. And even then, if it happens in a funny way, like my cousin who, honest to God, was flattened by a steamroller... I still sort of enjoy it.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [to Turk] If we do hook up tonight, for once, you won't be the only one thinking about J.D.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Then we saw where the Todd got it from. His old professor was the best high-fiver in the world. [Professor high-fives Todd and the earth shakes] J.D.: Then we'd all have sex to celebrate surviving.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Sean: We hit a bit of a speed bump when I found out Sam was your son. Kim: Yeah, he got drunk and asked me to sell him on the black market.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I guess it's because we all want to believe that what we do is important, that people hang on our every word, that they care what we think. But the truth is, you should consider yourself lucky if you even occasionally get to make someone, anyone, feel a little better.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [After fantasizing about the future] And who's to say this isn't what happens? Who can tell me that my fantasies won't come true? Just this once...
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: [After smelling the air] Kiwi! Denise: What? Lucy: I smell kiwi. Denise: Yeah, it's my shampoo. I love kiwis, so what? Lucy: Me too! Not really, they're hairy, they look like... monkey nuts. Denise: Don't smell people; it's weird.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: I thought being a doctor was about helping people. J.D.: It is, Lucy. Well, that and showing up my third grade teacher, who said I'd never amount to anything. Eat it, Mrs. Nickerson! [voiceover] And rest in peace.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Okay class, with the exception of number one here, today's assignment is to drop out of medical school. Your parents' money would be better spent stuffed into garbage bags and shot into the sun.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bouncer: Are you on the list? J.D.: Yes, under "John Dorian", or "Dr. Dorian". Or maybe "Doctor Dizzle" or "J. Dizzle". Bouncer: There's a "J. Dizzle" here. Man: I'm John Dizzle! J.D.: Dammit!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Drew: So, did he buy the newsletter rankings nonsense? Dr. Cox: Like an elderly shut-in talking to a telemarketer. Drew: Outstanding.
tv-scrubs	society	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: The OR room is a safe place. No one's going to yell "Recognize!" at you. Can I ask you a question? Why do white people ruin everything? I only got to say "fo shizzle" for a week. A week!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cole: What did Drew say about me rejoining the study group? Lucy: He said no. Cole: Really? Did you remind him I'm one-eighteenth American Indian? Lucy: Are you? Cole: I don't know, but I always tell people that. It makes the white man feel guilty.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Somebody's parked in my spot! Dr. Kelso: Boo-hoo, it takes me 11 minutes to pee.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Denise: Stop acting weird. I'm trying to eat lunch in front of a bunch of corpses.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: By love you mean big lightning bolts to the heart, where you can't eat and you can't work, and you just run off and get married and make babies. The reason you haven't felt it is because it doesn't exist. What you call love was invented by guys like me...to sell nylons.
tv-madmen	life	dark	general	0	Don: You're born alone and you die alone and this world just drops a bunch of rules on top of you to make you forget those facts, but I never forget... I'm living like there's no tomorrow, 'cause there isn't one.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Advertising is based on one thing, happiness. And you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car. It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams reassurance that whatever you are doing is okay. You are okay.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: We should get married. Midge Daniels: You think I'd make a good ex-wife?
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Let me ask you something, what do women want? Roger: Who cares?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: Psychiatry is just this year's candy pink stove.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: You know what? I am very comfortable with my mind. Thoughts clean and unclean, loving and... the opposite of that. But I am not a woman. And I think it behooves any man to toss all female troubles into the hands of a stranger.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Paul Kinsey: Sterling Cooper is positively Cro-Magnon. I have a friend - I'm not even going to say what agency - but all they do is smoke Mary Jane and play darts. And honestly, I think they're the best store on the street.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Rachel Menken: It's hard to get caught in a lie. Don: It wasn't a lie, it was ineptitude with insufficient cover.
tv-madmen	society	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: I bet there were people in the Bible walking around, complaining about "kids today." Don: Kids today, they have no one to look up to. 'Cause they're looking up to us.
tv-madmen	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: I have ideas. Don: I'm sure you do. Sterling Cooper has more failed artists and intellectuals than the Third Reich.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Betty: I liked your girl Peggy. She's fresh. Don: As the driven snow.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Midge Daniels: [to Don on the phone as Peggy listens] I want you to pull my hair and ravish me and leave me for dead.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: Roger, if you had your way, I would be stranded in some paperweight with my legs stuck in the air.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Mourning is just extended self-pity.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ken Cosgrove: [after Joan bends over in front of the one-way mirror] I wanna stand and salute that.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [to Don, about making a pass at Betty] At some point, we've all parked in the wrong garage.
tv-madmen	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [speaking to a client] Listen, I'm not here to tell you about Jesus. You already know about Jesus, either he lives in your heart or he doesn't.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: Peggy, this isn't China. There's no money in virginity.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: What else is there? Don: I don't know. Life being lived? I'd like to stop talking about it and get back to it.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: Remember, Don...when God closes a door, he opens a dress.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: You know what my father used to say? "Being with a client is like being in a marriage. Sometimes you get into it for the wrong reasons, and eventually they hit you in the face."
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Pete Campbell] The day you sign a client is the day you start losing him. [a few minutes later] Roger: The day you sign a client is the day you start losing him. Don: You don't really believe that.
tv-madmen	society	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: The president is a product. Don't forget that.
tv-madmen	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [after suffering a heart attack] All these years I thought it would be the ulcer. I did everything they told me, I drank the cream, ate the butter. Then I get hit with a coronary.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bert Cooper: [to Pete] The Japanese have a saying: a man is whatever room he is in, and right now Donald Draper is in this room.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: What are you doing? Where are you going? Don: I'm going to take care of this right now. Pete: Is this some sort of thing like in the movies where I have a gun and you don't think I'm going to shoot you? I will shoot you.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: Why can't you give me what I want? I've earned this job. I deserve it. Don: Why? Because your parents are rich? Because you went to prep school and have a $5.00 haircut? You've been given everything. You've never worked for anything in your life.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: [to Peggy about her new job] I said congratulations, didn't I? Although, sometimes when people get what they want they realize how limited their goals were.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: So, Mr. Draper, you haven't had a physical in quite some time. Don: Yeah. I eat a lot of apples.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sarah Beth: [about Arthur] We talk about you, and how Gertie has a crush on you. Betty: She's a sadist. I'll see you Saturday? [Betty gets into the car in her dirty riding boots.] Sarah Beth: Don't you hate getting manure in that? Betty: Little children. What's the difference?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [on being told to hire young people] So what am I supposed to do, dangle a Pepsi out the window and see if I can hook a stroller?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: I'm gonna ask you a question that was always asked of me when I was on job interviews. Smitty: That is divine, man. Don: Have you ever been fired?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sally Draper: [sitting in front of Joan, coloring] You've got big ones. My mommy has big ones. When I grow up, I'm gonna have big ones too.
tv-madmen	family	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [on why he won't punish his son with violence] He's a little kid. My father beat the hell out of me, and all it did was make me fantasize about the day I could murder him. And I wasn't half as good as Bobby.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bobbie Barrett: [to Peggy] This is America; pick a job and become the person who does it.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: [to Don] You'll have to believe me that I'll forget this. I don't want you treating me badly because I remind you of it.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bobbie Barrett: [to Peggy] You're never gonna get that corner office until you start treating Don as an equal. And no one will tell you this, but you can't be a man. Don't even try. Be a woman. Powerful business when done correctly. Do you understand what I'm saying, dear?
tv-madmen	family	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: [to his wife, regarding their fertility issues] Either you make it through this thing or you keep it to yourself.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: [to Peggy] You want to be taken seriously? Stop dressing like a little girl.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jimmy Barrett: The drunker you are, the funnier I become. ABC did research.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: A Night to Remember is every girl's dream. It holds the wholesome promise of the kind of hand holding that eventually leads to marriage.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: [to Roger] One day you'll lose someone who's important to you. You'll see. It's very painful.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Seeing people in the pool causes Pete to want to go swimming] Pete: Come on. Don: You wanna be on vacation, Pete? 'Cause I can make that happen.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: I have been watching my life. It's right there. I keep scratching at it, trying to get into it. I can't.
tv-madmen	life	wisdom	general	0	Betty: There's a difference between wanting and having.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Pete, just tell the truth, don't worry about the outcome. People respect that.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: This is ridiculous. If I'm going to die, I want to die in Manhattan.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Well, one day you're there and then all of a sudden there's less of you. And you wonder where that part went, if it's living somewhere outside of you, and you keep thinking maybe you'll get it back. And then you realize, it's just gone.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: I just wanted to let you both know how honored I am with this promotion. Roger: Help yourself... not the Stoli.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: Why does it have to be like this? Why can't I get anything good all at once?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: I keep going to a lot of places and ending up somewhere I've already been.
tv-madmen	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Let's assume we can get a girl who can match Ann-Margret's ability to be 25 and act 14. Sal Romano: Is that what she's doing?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bert Cooper: I don't want to have to walk down here every time we lose an account. This is an advertising agency. I'll wear out the carpet.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: And let's also say that change is neither good or bad, it simply is. It can be greeted with terror or joy. A tantrum that says 'I want it the way it was,' or a dance that says 'Look, something new.'
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: You're not an artist, Peggy, you solve problems. Leave some tools in your toolbox.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Gene Hofstadt: You think money's the answer to every problem. Don: No, just to this particular problem.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: It's a mistake to be conspicuously happy. Don: No one thinks you're happy. They think you're foolish.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: The thing is, I have a job. I have my own office, with my name on the door. And I have a secretary - that's you. And I am not scared of any of this.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: I'm Peggy Olson and I wanna smoke some marijuana.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paul Kinsey: [after smoking marijuana] If you were feeling it, you'd be hungry. Peggy: I am hungry. It's just not worth moving.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: Well, as they used to say at the freshman mixer, when you get a yes, you go home. Horace Cook, Jr.: Only, Humps, you never got one.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Harry Crane: It doesn't make any sense. It looks right, sounds right, smells right. But something's not right. What is it? Roger: She's not Ann-Margaret.
tv-madmen	life	wisdom	general	0	Don: Our worst fears lie in anticipation.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: I look around and I think: I want what he had. You have everything and you have so much of it. Don: I suppose that's probably true.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	John Hooker: Mr. Kinsey, you might want to shave your beard. Paul Kinsey: What? Who the hell are you people? John Hooker: That was a joke.
tv-madmen	family	tv-quote	general	0	Don: This is your brother. We don't know who he is yet, or what he's gonna be. And that is a wonderful thing.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: That's life. One minute, you're on top of the world. The next, some secretary is running over your foot with a lawn motor.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Paul Kinsey: He might lose his foot. Roger: Right when he got it in the door.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: [to Pete] Stop barging in here and infecting me with your anxiety.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Peggy] Every time I turn around, you've got a hand in my pocket... there's not one thing that you've done here that I couldn't live without.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: What do you want from me? Duck Phillips: I want to take you in that bedroom, lock the door, take your clothes off with my teeth, throw you on the bed and give you a go-around like you've never had.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: I watched the sunrise today. Couldn't sleep. Don: How was it? Roger: Average.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Betty: [to her daughter] You don't kiss boys. Boys kiss you.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken Cosgrove: New York in August? It's like a great big melting wax museum. Nothing but those fat girls with the hairy armpits putting their feet in a fountain.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Connie, this is my wife Betty. Connie Hilton: By golly, you are an indecently lucky man.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: Let me speak to the manager. Saleswoman: Of the entire store? Pete: Of the republic of dresses. Whoever can help me with this because you're falling short.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ken Cosgrove: Still working Campbell? There's no reason to show off... Cooper's in Montana, Sterling's in Jane and Draper's on vacation.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Betty: 'I want what I want when I want it.' And you don't care what it does to the rest of us - like someone else I know.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Connie Hilton: [to Don] What do you want from me, love? Your work is good. But when I say I want the moon, I expect the moon.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Give me more ideas to reject.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Now that I can finally understand you, I am less impressed with what you have to say.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harry Crane: My mother-in-law says I look like Perry Mason. Paul Kinsey: It's not a compliment. It means she thinks you're fat.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lane: So we finally have an answer to the question 'What makes Don Draper smile?' Five thousand dollars seems to be the number.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: People may see things differently, but they don't really want to.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Anabelle: You're married, aren't you? Roger: I am. Anabelle: Still or again? Roger: You know it's again. And don't get cute. ... Anabelle: You were the one. Roger: You weren't.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: I can explain. Betty: I know you can. You're a gifted storyteller.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: People change their names, Bets. You did. Betty: I did. I took your name.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Betty: What would you do if you were me? Would you love you? Don: I was surprised you ever loved me.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: I found out yesterday that Head of Accounts is going to Kenny and his haircut.
tv-madmen	society	tv-quote	general	0	Trudy Campbell: Have you been drinking? Pete: The whole country is drinking!
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: I have to go to the printer. Paul Kinsey: I know a nooner when I hear one. Peggy: You're disgusting.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lane: Mr. Hooker! I've been sacked. Please have my office and things put in storage at this address. John Hooker: What's happened? Lane: You're a sharp boy, you'll figure it out.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [as they leave their old offices] How long do you think it'll take us to be in a place like this again? Don: I never saw myself working in a place like this.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: Peggy, can you get me some coffee? Peggy: No.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: A wooden leg. They're so cheap they can't even afford a whole reporter.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: I love how they sit there like a couple of choirboys. You know one of them's leaving New York with VD.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: [to Don] You know something. We are all here because of you. All we want to do is please you.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henry Francis: [about not yet selling the house] Don, it's temporary. Don: Believe me, Henry, everyone thinks this is temporary.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [about Bethany Van Nuys] You hit it off, come Turkey Day, maybe you can stuff her.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Allison: Good time? Bad time? Don: Yes.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lane: What about our other clients? Roger: We have no other clients! If Lee Garner, Jr. wants three wise men flown in from Jerusalem, he gets it.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: I don't hate Christmas. I hate this Christmas.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: How can you stand going to the hospital every day? Phoebe: I love working at the hospital. People comin' into the world, people leavin' it. Everything happens there.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Faye Miller: In a nutshell, it all comes down to what I want versus what's expected of me.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Anna Draper: I started thinking of everything I was sure was true, and how flimsy it all might be. Don: You don't have to see a UFO to know that. But it's not a great way to think about things. Anna Draper: I know everything about you and I still love you.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: She is very important to me. I'm going to do what I have to. Patty: You have no say in the affairs of this family. You're just a man in a room with a checkbook. I'm sorry.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [holding up a bottle] Why is this empty? Allison: Because you drank it all.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Freddy: [about a focus group] Can you imagine? Your financial future is in the hands of a room full of 22 year old girls. Don: Not mine.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: Since when is forgiveness a better quality than loyalty?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Have you been yelled at by Don yet? Stan Rizzo: I'm not scared of him. Peggy: So that's a no.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: They don't seem to give awards for what I do. Joan: And what is that? Roger: [about Don] Find guys like him.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stan Rizzo: [to Peggy, about Don] I know you're his favorite. I bet he takes you hunting and lets you carry the carcasses in your mouth.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: It's your job. I give you money, you give me ideas. Peggy: And you never say thank you. Don: That's what the money is for! You should be thanking me every morning when you wake up, along with Jesus, for giving you another day!
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: My Uncle Mac said he had a suitcase that was always packed. He said a man has to be ready to go at any moment. Jesus, maybe it's a metaphor.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: I mean, I know what I'm supposed to want, but it just never feels right, or as important as anything in that office.
tv-madmen	family	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [about her pregnancy] Do you ever think about it? Peggy: I try not to, but then it comes up out of nowhere. [She pauses] Playgrounds.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: What happened? Don: Somebody very important to me died. Peggy: Who? Don: The only person in the world who really knew me. Peggy: That's not true.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Peggy] You want some respect? Go out there and get it for yourself.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [to Joan] Every time I think back, all the good stuff was with you.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: Poor Ida. Roger: She died like she lived, surrounded by the people she answered phones for.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: That's not a strategy, that's two strategies connected by the word and. I can do "where the pros go" or I can do "everyone's welcome," not both.
tv-madmen	society	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: I have to say, most of the things Negroes can't do, I can't do either...and nobody seems to care.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Let yourself out, lock the door behind you...as a courtesy. Faye Miller: You want to leave me here? You sure? Don: I'm taking everything interesting with me.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lee Garner Jr.: I'm gettin' this. Roger: Why would you do that? Lee Garner Jr.: Sometimes a fella's gotta pick up the check.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lane: Three whiskey sours ought to do. Robert Pryce: She's asking what you want, not how many you've had.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: How is it that some people just walk through life dragging their lies with them, destroying everything they touch?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robert Pryce: Put your home in order, either here or there. You will not live in between. Lane: Yes sir.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bert Cooper: [to Roger] Lee Garner Jr. never took you seriously because you never took yourself seriously.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Faye Miller: [to Don] I would never use you like that because I know the difference between what we have and this stupid office.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Faye Miller: [to Don] You want a shoulder to cry on, fine. You want to throw me to the wolves to save your neck, forget it.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: [to Roger] I'm not the solution to your problem; I'm another problem.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sally Draper: When I think about forever I get upset. Like the Land of Lakes butter has that Indian girl, sitting holding a box, and it has a picture of her on it, holding a box, with a picture of her on it, holding a box. Have you ever noticed that?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: You always say, if you don't like what they're saying about you, change the conversation. Don: To what? What they're saying about us is true.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: [to Don] You did what was best for you because you're impatient and childish. You had a tantrum on a full page in the New York Times.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: Well I gotta go learn a bunch of people's names before I fire them.
tv-madmen	family	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [about teenagers] The truth is, they're mourning for their childhood more than they're anticipating their future, because they don't know it yet, but they don't want to die.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: You don't know anything about me. Megan: But I do. I know that you have a good heart. I know that you're always trying to be better. Don: We all try, we don't always make it. I've done a lot of things. Megan: I know who you are now.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Faye Miller: [about Megan] I hope she knows you only like the beginnings of things.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: Is it just me, or is the lobby full of Negros?
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Megan] I want you at work, because I want you.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: [about his small office] Where am I supposed to conduct business? Roger: In the crapper for all I care.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [about Megan] Why don't you sing like that? Jane Sterling: [about Don] Why don't you look like him?
tv-madmen	family	tv-quote	general	0	Don: So when you're 40, how old will I be? Bobby: You'll be dead.
tv-madmen	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael Ginsberg: That's what they said about Mein Kampf...kid really has a voice.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Greg: The army makes me feel like a good man. Joan: You're not a good man. You never were.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Megan] I married you, and I'm gonna be with you until I die...which could be this afternoon.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [seeing Pete and Lane ready to fight] I know cooler heads should prevail but am I the only one who wants to see this?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Lane beat the crap out of Pete. Ken Cosgrove: I can't believe he beat me to it.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: [about Megan] Brave words from a man on his second time around. Don: Yeah, and if I had met her first I would've known not to throw it away.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Megan: You should slow down. Don: I'm timing this for when we arrive. I wanna hit the doorbell with my chin.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lane: England won the World Cup. Roger: Cup of what?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: It's none of your business. Bert Cooper: This is my business.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bert Cooper: [to Don] You've been on love leave. It's amazing things are going as well as they are with as little as you are doing.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: So what was wrong again? Jane Sterling: You don't like me. Roger: I did. I really did.
tv-madmen	faith	dark	general	0	Roger: Who knows why people in history did good things? For all we know Jesus was trying to get the loaves and fishes account.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Mona Sterling: [to Roger] I thought you married Jane because I had gotten old, and then I realized it was because you had.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Megan: Don, I love you. You're everything I hoped you'd be. Don: You too.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: [about Megan] I think she's good at everything. I think she's just one of those girls.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael Ginsberg: [about Megan] I'll tell you what takes guts, never having money for lunch. She's owes me like $15 at this point. What am I gonna do, ask Don? Call her? I think it's clear why she left.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Megan: I felt better failing in that audition than I did when I was succeeding at Heinz.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael Ginsberg: I feel bad for you. Don: I don't think about you at all.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: You know what Howard? Why don't you spend Thanksgiving with her? And I'll go to your house and screw your wife.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jane Sterling: [to Roger, about their LSD trip] Stop telling me things I said that night. Like I know I didn't promise to re-marry right away just to save you alimony.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael Ginsberg: You know Don; tall guy, short temper.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: You know, if I had told you last December that we'd be in the running for a car, you would've kissed me on the mouth. Don: Maybe you and I should go as a couple.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: You know what this woman said to me once? I like being bad, and going home and being good. Joan: I bet that stuck to your ribs. Don: It was a disaster. Joan: And you enjoyed every minute.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: [to Joan] It turns out he wanted something we weren't prepared to give. Something very unorthodox. ... Pete: What would it take to make you a Queen? Joan: I don't think you could afford it.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: [to Don] The conversation doesn't end just because you leave the room.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: [To Don, who is gloomy while the rest celebrate the Jaguar account win] You really have no idea when things are good, do you?
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Well, let's pretend I'm not responsible for every single good thing that's ever happened to you. And you tell me the number. Or make one up. And I'll beat it. Peggy: There's no number.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Glen: [to Sally] Everything you think's gonna make you happy, just turns to crap.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [to Don] I'll buy you a drink if you wipe the blood off your mouth.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: Why do we do this? Roger: For the sex, but it's always disappointing.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to the partners] I already said no, or should I leave so you all can do whatever you want?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marie Calvet: Not every little girl gets to do what they want. The world cannot support that many ballerinas.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Pryce: [to Don, about Lane] You had no right to fill a man like that with ambition.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Megan] You wanna be somebody's discovery, not somebody's wife.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Beth: [at a hotel] I knew you'd show. Pete: Because I'm pathetic?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: [to his psychiatrist] I'm just acknowledging that life, unlike this analysis, will eventually end, and somebody else will get the bill.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Don: [to Pete] I wish you would handle clients as well as you're handling me.
tv-madmen	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Don: The greatest thing you have working for you is not the photo you take or the picture you paint; it's the imagination of the consumer. They have no budget, they have no time limit, and if you can get into that space, your ad can run all day.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Don't do anything stupid. Abe: It's too late. I'm going to Harlem in a tuxedo.
tv-madmen	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Joan: [to Don] Just once, I would like to hear you use the word "we". Because we're all rooting for you from the sidelines, hoping that you'll decide what's right for our lives!
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wendy: Don, ask a question. You can just think of it. You don't have to say it out loud... [Don says nothing] Perfect.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Wendy: Does someone love me? Don: What? Wendy: That's what your question was. Don: Why would you say that? Wendy: That's everyone's question.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Don strokes Betty's face] Betty: What are you doing? Don: Waiting for you to tell me to stop. [They kiss] Betty: What did you think when you saw me? Don: That you are as beautiful as the day I met you.
tv-madmen	love	tv-quote	general	0	Betty: That poor girl. She doesn't know that loving you is the worst way to get to you.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger: We're conquistadors. I'm Vasco de Gama, you're... some other Mexican. We're going to land, buy whatever they've got for the beads in our pockets. Our biggest challenge is to not get syphilis.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Private Dinkins: Dying doesn't make you whole. You should see what you look like.
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harry: I wouldn't bother you at home, but I've got good news! Don: You finally found a hooker who'll take traveler's checks?
tv-madmen	life	tv-quote	general	0	Minister: [to Don] What's your occupation, young man? Don: Staying out of people's business.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [re: downsizing] Am I going to tell them? No, I'm not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [during a role-playing exercise; to Dwight, who's supposed to be Asian] Okay, if I have to do this, based on stereotypes that are totally untrue and that I do not agree with, you would maybe... not be a very good driver. Dwight: Aw, man! Am I a woman? Aww! Boo!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: OK, first let's go over some parameters. How many people can I fire? Michael: Uh, none. You're picking a healthcare plan.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Dwight, don't you need health insurance? Dwight: Don't need it. Perfect immunity. I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will. Pam: Why would you need to raise your cholesterol? Dwight: So I can lower it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: [reading her birthday card] This one's from Michael. "Let's hope the only downsizing that happens to you is that someone downsizes your age." Michael: Get it? 'Cause of the downsizing. Rumors. And 'cause you're getting old. Meredith: I... get it.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: [who is of Mexican descent] I can play basketball if you need any help. Michael: I will use your talents come baseball season, my friend. Or if we box.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [trying to motivate the employees for a basketball game] I know, grumble, grumble. But you would follow me to the ends of the earth, grumbling all the way. Like that dwarf from Lord of the Rings. Dwight: Gimli. Michael: Nerd. That is why you're not on the team.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: The purse girl hits everything on my checklist: creamy skin, straight teeth, curly hair, amazing breasts. Not for me, for my children. The Schrutes produce very thirsty babies.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: You know what they say about a car wreck, where it's so awful you can't look away? The Dundies are like a car wreck that you want to look away from but you have to stare at it because your boss is making you.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate, so he's not really a part of our family. Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Actually, I do own property. My grandfather left me a 60-acre working beet farm. I run it with my cousin Mose. We sell beets to the local stores and restaurants. It's a nice little farm... sometimes teenagers use it for sex.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Yes, I was the first one out. And yes, I've heard "women and children first". But, we do not employ children. We are not a sweatshop, thankfully. And women are equal in the workplace by law. So if I let them out first, I have a lawsuit on my hands.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I hope the war goes on forever and Ryan gets drafted.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phyllis: [to Dwight in costume] Are you a monk? Dwight: I'm a Sith lord!!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [while on hold with Sherry] I wish I could fire Sherry. Sherry: I'm still here, Michael. Michael: Err... OK, Sherry. Thank you.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Would I rather be feared or loved? Umm... easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [on the phone] I don't understand... you want to see other people? ...Only other people?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Pam, you're trustworthy. Pam: Thank you. Michael: And a woman. Pam: Oh no.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: I actually look forward to performance reviews. I did the youth beauty pageant circuit, and I enjoyed that quite a bit. I really enjoy being judged. I believe I hold up very well to even severe scrutiny.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: My roommate wants to meet everybody. Because I'm pretty sure he thinks I'm making Dwight up. [sighs] He is very real.
tv-office-us	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Stupid corporate wet blankets. Like booze ever killed anyone.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You know what Brenda, could we have a moment alone? Brenda: Jan said if you asked me that I was supposed to say no.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: You know what? I would save the receptionist. Just wanted to clear that up.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: *throws up in barf bag* I'm on medication. Brenda: Really? What? Michael: Vomicillin.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [calling from the conference room] Pam, come in here please. Pam: Tell me before I come there. Michael: [Apprehensively] I want you rub butter on my foot. Pam: No. Michael: Please? I have Country Crock.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: If I had to, I could clean out my desk in five seconds, and nobody would ever know that I'd ever been here. And I'd forget, too.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: What did you guys talk about? Jim: Oh, just you know - politics, literature... [holds up Hooter's T-shirt] Pam: I hate you.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I swore to myself that if I ever got to walk around the room as manager, people would laugh when they saw me coming and would applaud as I walked away.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: It's a terrible idea. Jim: What is? Dwight: Them in there all together. They stay in there too long, they're gonna get on the same cycle. Wreak havoc on our plumbing.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dwight and company are descending into the warehouse for a "men's day"] Dwight: Remember on Lost when they met "the Others"?
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Women are like wolves. If you want a wolf, you have to trap it. Snare it. Then to keep it happy, you have to tame it. Feed it, care for it. Lovingly. The way an animal deserves to be loved. And my animal deserves a lot of loving.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jan: Nervous? No, I'm not nervous. Well, I mean, I guess I'd be lying if I didn't say I was a little nervous. Um, the new CFO is judging me on this too. And, well, it is Michael. So... yeah, I'm very nervous.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [giving a speech at a paper selling conference] BLOOD ALONE MOVES THE WHEELS OF HISTORY!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: When I was in the 6th grade, I was a finalist in our school spelling bee. It was me against Raj Patel. And I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word "failure".
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Yes. It is true. I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it, and I am going to do it. I need a username, and... I have a great one. "lilkidlover". That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: This is Creed, and he is in charge of... something... right? Creed: That is correct.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [After he didn't tip the sub man] Why tip someone for a job I'm capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can, and do, cut my own hair. I did, however, tip my urologist, because I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: Didn't you lose a lot of money on that other investment, the one from that e-mail? Michael: You know what, Toby? When the son of the deposed King of Nigeria e-mails you directly asking for help, you help. His father ran the freaking country, okay?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: Do you want to give Michael your urine? Dwight: [deeply sincere] I want him to have all the urine he needs.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Last week, Dwight found half a joint in the parking lot. And as it turns out, Dwight finding drugs is scarier than most people using drugs.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud-gun in a duffle bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Dwight tried to kiss me. Michael: What? Jim: And I didn't tell anyone, 'cause I'm not really sure how I feel about it. Dwight: That is not true. Redact it. Redact it! Jim: Well, I'm not actually making a formal complaint. I just really think we should talk about it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Darryl: I taught Mike some, uh, some phrases to help with his interracial conversation. You know, stuff like, "fleece it out," "going mach 5," "dinkin' flicka." You know, things us Negroes say.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Yeah, I'm not a temp anymore. I got Jim's old job. Which means at my ten year high school reunion, it will not say "Ryan Howard is a temp". It will say "Ryan Howard is a junior sales associate at a midrange paper supply firm". [pause] That'll show 'em.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: I'm not offended by homosexuality. In the '60s I made love to many, many women, often outdoors, in the mud and the rain... and it's possible a man slipped in. [shrugs] There'd be no way of knowing.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Ain't no party like a Scranton party cause a Scranton party don't stop!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [crying] The Sebring is cool! The Sebring is so cool! Please don't fire me Michael, I'll do anything!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Just as you have planted your seed into the ground, I will plant my seed into you. Ryan: I don't think you know what you're saying.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: What time is it there? Jim: What time is it here? Um, we're in the same time zone. Pam: Uh, oh, yeah, right. Jim: How far away did you think we were? Pam: I don't know. It felt far. Jim: ...Yeah.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Karen: Andy! No a cappella!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: I don't want to blame anyone in particular. I think everyone's to blame.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I'll be the number-two guy here in Scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I'm always thinking one step ahead. Like a... carpenter... that makes stairs.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. And I do not care if that convict is white, black, Asian, German, or some kind of halfsy. I do not like criminals.
tv-office-us	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [bringing in a dead goose] I accidentally ran over it. It's a Christmas miracle! Toby: C'mon, Dwight, we talked about this: no dead animals in the office.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'd like everybody's attention. Christmas is cancelled. Stanley: You can't cancel a holiday. Michael: Keep it up, Stanley, and you'll lose New Year's. Stanley: What's that mean? Michael: Jim, take New Year's away from Stanley.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: I miss the days when there was only one party I didn't want to go to.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Why do I feel like crap? Jim: You just had a rebound. Michael: A rebound? Jim: Yeah. Which, don't get me wrong, can be a really fun distraction, but when it's over... you're left thinking about the girl you really like - the one that broke your heart.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [seeing a picture of Michael and Jan in Jamaica] Oh my God, is that Jan? Michael: No... that's a German woman named... Urkel... grue.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Jan? You complete me. Jan: ...Oh god.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice... strike three.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jan: And where it asks you to state your business he wrote, "Beeswax, Not Yours, Inc."
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: I miss Dwight. Congratulations, universe. You win.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I don't want somebody sucking up to me because they think I am going to help their career. I want them sucking up to me because they genuinely love me.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I don't care what Jim says, that is not the real Ben Franklin. I am 99% sure.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Guys! Beef: it's what's for dinner! Who wants some man meat? Dwight: I do! I want some man meat! Jim: Michael, Dwight would like your man meat. Michael: Well then, my man meat he shall have.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: There's too many people in this world. We need a new plague.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I saw "Wedding Crashers" accidentally. I bought a ticket for "Grizzly Man" and went into the wrong theater. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theater, but I kept waiting. Cause that's the thing about bear attacks... they come when you least expect it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, "Would an idiot do that?" And if they would, I do not do that thing.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: There are four kinds of business: tourism, food service, railroads, and sales. And hospitals/manufacturing. And air travel.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I love you, Jan. Jan: Okay.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: No need for consternation. Everything is under control. Jan: Michael, last Friday one of your employees attacked another employee in your office! Michael: It was a crime of passion, Jan. Not a disgruntled employee. Everyone here is extremely gruntled.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: I don't think Michael intended to punish me by putting Ryan back here with Kelly. But, if he did intend that... wow. Genius.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: This may be the first time that a male subordinate has attempted to get a modest scheduled raise by threatening to withhold sex from a female superior. It will be a groundbreaking case, when it inevitably goes to trial.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [wearing a women's suit] I don't think that this is totally just a woman's suit. At the very least it's bisexual.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It was a weird day. I accidentally cross-dressed.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I saved a life: my own. Am I a hero? I really can't say... but, yes.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: Every week, I'm supposed to take four hours and do a quality spot-check at the paper mill. And of course the one year I blow it off, this happens.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Beer me! Jim: What's that? Andy: Hand me that water. I always say, "Beer me." Gets a laugh like a quarter of the time. Jim: Lord, beer me strength.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Question, what kind of bear is best? Dwight: That's a ridiculous question. Jim: False. Black bear. Dwight: That's debatable. There are basically two schools of thought. Jim: Fact. Bears eat beets. Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I wish I could menstruate. If I could menstruate, I wouldn't have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I'd just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus I'd be more in tune with the moon and the tides.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: Sometimes the clothes at Gap Kids are just too flashy. So, I'm forced to go to the American Girl store and order clothes for large colonial dolls.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: There's a wishing fountain at the mall. And I threw a coin in for every woman in the world and made a wish. I wished for Jan to get over me, I wished for Phyllis a plasma TV, I wished for Pam to gain courage, I wished for Angela a heart, and for Kelly a brain...
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Today, we are not just spending a day at the beach. Stanley: Oh sweet mother of God. Michael: If you don't like it, Stanley, you can go to the back of the bus. Stanley: Excuse me. Michael: Or the front of the bus. Or drive the bus.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kevin: I just want to lie on the beach and eat hot dogs. That's all I've ever wanted.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Andy Bernard. Pros: he's classy. He gets me. He went to Cornell. I trust him. Cons: I don't really trust him.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Last year, Creed asked me how to set up a blog. Wanting to protect the world from being exposed to Creed's brain, I opened up a Word document on his computer and put an address at the top. I've read some of it. Even for the Internet, it's... pretty shocking.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Once I'm officially regional manager, my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable, fictional, and overqualified.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Don't you want to earn Schrute bucks? Stanley: No. In fact, I'll give you a billion Stanley nickels if you never talk to me again. Dwight: What's the ratio of Stanley nickels to Schrute bucks? Stanley: The same as the ratio of unicorns to leprechauns.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [answering the phone] Michael Scott's Dunder Mifflin Scranton Meredith Palmer Memorial... Celebrity Rabies Awareness Fun Run Race For The Cure. This is Pam. Michael: Pro-Am. Pam: ...Pro-Am Race For The- They hung up.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: One day Michael came in complaining about a speed bump on the highway...... I wonder who he ran over then
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked. But it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: [after Dwight feeds her cat] Any problems? Dwight: Well, you left the TV on. Also, your cat is dead.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It is up to me to get rid of the curse that hit Meredith with my car. I'm not superstitious but I'm a little stitious.
tv-office-us	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Kelly, you're a Hindu, so you believe in Buddha. Kelly: That's Buddhists. Michael: Are you sure? Kelly: No.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Guess what. I have flaws. What are they?. Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me!.. No, don't sue me. That's the opposite of the point that I am trying to make.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: [to Ryan] Hey, brah. I've been meaning to ask you. Can we get some Red Bull for these things? Sometimes a guy's gotta ride the bull, am I right? Later, skater.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Computers are about trying to murder you in a lake.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [to Angela] I just wanna be friends. Plus a little extra. Also, I love you.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I am not a bad person. When I left Staples, I took some of their leads with me but I never intended to use them. What did I intend to do with them? Who knows. Maybe keep them as a souvenir. Maybe use them.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It was a pretty disappointing day. It was kind of a slap in the face, to realize that I wasn't as important as I thought I was to a certain young executive. Who I had cared about. But you know, I'm not going to cry about it. I did that on the way home.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: I can't do this. I can't do it. Michael: Yes you can. I know you can. I wouldn't say it if I didn't 100% believe it. Who else could do this? Angela: Okay. Okay. Michael: No seriously, is there anyone else who could do it better? Because we don't have a lot of time.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: Find anything? Kevin: I think it's a straight-forward kidnapping. Oscar: Stanley, could you look up "accomplices"? Stanley: Can't you guys do it? Oscar: 'Cause we're looking up "jail time".
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: We'll ask Powerpoint. Oscar: Michael, this is a presentation tool. Michael: You're a presentation tool!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY! Oscar: I just wanted you to know that you can't just say the word bankruptcy and expect anything to happen. Michael: I didn't say it. I declared it.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: As of this morning, we are completely wireless here on Schrute Farms. As soon as I find out where Mose hid all the wires, we'll have that power back on.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Second Life is not a game. It is a multi-user, virtual environment. It doesn't have points or scores. It doesn't have winners or losers. Jim: Oh, it has losers.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: I'm excited about doing the ad, but I'm not really used to doing videos with so many people around.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: The eyes are the groin of the head.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [about the corporate retreat] Michael wasn't invited. Apparently they already knew everything they needed to know about him.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kelly: I don't talk trash, I talk smack. They're totally different. Trash talk is hypothetical, like: Your mom is so fat she can eat the internet. But smack talk is happening like right now. Like: You're ugly and I know it for a fact 'cause I got the evidence right there.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jan: People underestimate Michael. There are plenty of things that he is well above average at. Like ice skating. He is a very good ice skater.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jan's lawyer: How long have you known Ms. Levinson? Michael: Six years and two months. Jan's lawyer: And you were directly under her the whole time? Michael: That's what she said. Jan's lawyer: Excuse me? Michael: [slowly] That's what she said.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: What part of "shorn't" don't you understand?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Do you have a question, Kelly? Kelly: Yeah, I have a lot of questions. Number one: how dare you?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: There is a spare key, and a master key for the office. Dwight has them both. When I asked "What if you die, Dwight, how will we get into the office?", he said "If I'm dead, you guys have been dead for weeks."
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: A lot of jazz cats are blind. But they can play the piano like nobody's business. I'd like to put the piano in front of Pam, without her glasses, and see what happens. I'd also like to see her topless.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Friends joke with one another. Hey you're poor. Hey, your momma's dead. That's what friends do.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: It's like I used to tell my wife: I do not apologize unless I think I'm wrong. And if you don't like it you can leave. And I say the same thing to my current wife and I'll say it to my next one, too.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Hazing is a fun way to show a new employee that she is not welcome or liked.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [learning he is not father of Jan's baby] You cheated on me...when I specifically asked you not to?
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Angela, will you do me the honor of giving me your tiny hand in marriage? Angela: ...Okay. Andy: Into the mic, sweetie. Angela: I said, okay. Andy: She said yes! [light applause from some people] And the crowd goes wild! Woo!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: What is wrong with these people? They have no willpower. I once went 28 years without having sex. And then again for seven years.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Kelly. Kelly: Oh, hello Ryan. You look well. Ryan: I wanted to say I'm sorry... for treating you bad the past couple years. I was in my mid twenties and I was going through a lot of stuff. I think I never fully processed 9/11.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: [About Kelly] I like her nails. Michael: Okay, be more specific. Meredith: I like her finger nails.
tv-office-us	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Jan is about to have a baby with a sperm donor. And Michael is preparing for the birth of a watermelon with Dwight. Now, this baby will be related to Michael through delusion.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: In my opinion, the third date is traditionally the one where... you have sex. Does Holly feel that way? I don't know. I will probably find out tonight. If she starts having sex with me I'll know for sure.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed Bratton: Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name: Creed Bratton.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [dressed as Charlie Chaplin] So apparently no one dresses up for Halloween here. I wish I had known that before I used grease paint for my mustache. And I can't even take off my hat... because then I'm Hitler.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Kelly: Dwight, get out of my nook. Pam: [heard through Jim's Bluetooth] THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID! THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID! THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID! Jim: Good one.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Kelly Kapoor is our dusky, exotic customer service rep. And once a year, she will contact our clients and find out how happy they are with our salespeople. Sort of a Kapoor's List. Schindler's List parody. ...That's not appropriate, no.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Pam comes back from New York next week. And everyone here has just been so excited for me, and involved, and intrusive, and weird.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [Interrupting Jim and Pam's kiss in the parking lot] You're back. Pam: Uh, yeah. Dwight: Good. [hands Pam a stack of papers] I need you to make five copies of these. Pam: I'm not going inside. Dwight: Alright, first thing in the morning then. Jim: [to Pam] Welcome back.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I learned a while back that if I don't text 911, people will not return my calls. Uhhm, but now people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend, but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phyllis: Oh I don't think it's blackmail. Angela just does what I ask her to do so I won't tell everyone that she's cheating on Andy with Dwight. I think for it to be blackmail, it would have to be a formal letter.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Okay, okay, okay. Why don't we just put this to a vote, and then we'll be done with it. Angela: I'm not voting. Jim: No one cares.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Your heart is a wonderful thing, Michael. But it has made some terrible decisions. Michael: That is true. Dwight: Yes. Michael: That is true. We have gone down the wrong path many, many times. Dwight: Yeah. Michael: Jan...Ryan.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: [yelling] The fire is shooting at us!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: Did I want to come back? No, but I don't have enough money to retire and I'm too old to get another job. I feel like I'm working in my casket.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: I think I'm basically a good person. But I am going to try to make him cry.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	David Wallace: How could you possibly think this was a good idea? Dwight: Many ideas were not appreciated in their time. Michael: Electricity. Dwight: Shampoo.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: I hate the idea that someone out there hates me. I even hate thinking that al-Qaeda hates me. [pause] I think if they got to know me, they wouldn't hate me. But, Karen knows me, and she still hates me.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Are you trying to hurt my feelings? Because if so, you are succeeding. Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man's.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kelly: I'm too excited to sleep!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: They have new phone systems now that can ring directly to a salesman, or someone presses star and they go to accounting, basically 95% of my job. But I'd like to see a machine that puts out candy for everyone. [pauses] Vending machine...
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: This little hellraiser is Angela. She has slept with a bunch of different guys in the office. Right over there [points to Andy] in the orange. Andy: Hey-oh!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: Michael's like a movie on a plane. You know it's not great, but it's something to watch. And then when it's over, you're like, how much time is left on this flight? You know, now what?
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Charles is having Kevin cover the phones for a while. How do I say this diplomatically...I think Kevin is doing exactly as well as anyone might have expected someone like him to perform in a position like that.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Maybe the Michael Scott Paper Company was a huge mistake. I should leave. I should go and start my own paper company. That'll show 'em.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I know a few things about love. Horrible, terrible, awful, awful things.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: When a child gets behind the wheel of a car and runs into a tree, you don't blame the child; he didn't know any better. You blame the 30-year-old woman who got in the passenger seat and said, "Drive, kid; I trust you."
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I have no shortage of company names. David Wallace: Michael... Michael: That's one of them.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: So hey, I wanna set you up with my daughter. Jim: Oh, I'm engaged to Pam. Creed: I thought you were gay. Jim: Then why would you want to set me up with your daughter? Creed: I don't know.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: When held over heat, the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately. Do not ask me where I got the invisible ink. [pause] Urine. It was urine.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: So this morning, we are having breakfast together...and I just looked up from my cereal and I said, "You know what I wanna do today? I wanna marry you." Pam: I had just woken up. I didn't look cute. That's how I knew he meant it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: This is not the first time rumors about me being gay have come up. Twice before actually. Just a weird coincidence. A little too weird. Almost makes you wonder if it's not a coincidence at all! Whoa! Which it is, of course. But it makes you wonder.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: Look, it doesn't take a genius to know that every organization thrives when it has two leaders. Go ahead, name a country that doesn't have two presidents. A boat that sets sail without two captains. Where would Catholicism be without the popes?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You know, what eats a large amount of the day are naps. You go to sleep it's light out, you wake up it's dark. That's the whole day. Where did that day go? I have no idea. Jim: You mean on a weekend. Michael: ...Yes.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: I bought those boat tickets the day I saw that YouTube video. I knew we'd need a backup plan. The boat was actually Plan C, the church was Plan B, and Plan A was marrying her a long, long time ago. Pretty much the day I met her.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: Pam and Jim are on their honeymoon, so there's not the usual balance between sane and others. Toby has mentally checked out since June. It's a very dangerous time. The "coalition for reason" is extremely weak. Toby: [In interview] Oscar said I checked out? [shrugs] Well...
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: "R" is among the most menacing of sounds. That's why they call it murder and not mukduk.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I don't need to be friends with Pam. I have plenty of female friends. My mom. Pam's mom. My aunt, although she just blocked me on IM. What's-her-face from Quizno's? I see her four times a week.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Jim is my enemy, but it turns out that Jim is also his own worst enemy. And the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So Jim is actually my friend. But, because he is his own worst enemy, the enemy of my friend is my enemy. So actually, Jim is my enemy. But
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'm not usually the butt of the joke. I'm usually the face of the joke. I wish Jim had fallen into that pond and he'd have to put on my suit and it'd be too short and he'd look... Dammit, he'd still look good.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Can't a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so they'll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Geez. When did everyone get so cynical?
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Co-managing is a give and take. You have to pick your battles. One of the battles that I picked was to stop Michael from running plastic tubes all over the office and placing hamsters inside of them. He was going to call it Tube City. So, yes, I do owe him one.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: [to Michael] You can't yell, "I need this! I need this!" as you pin an employee down on your lap.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: I don't know how I'm going to get through this. I don't want to lie and I DON'T want to tell the truth.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Hey, any fun weekend plans? Erin: No, you? Andy: Uh, no, actually. So nothing? No movies, or parties, or anything you might want to invite someone to? Erin: Nothing. It's wide open. Andy: Okay. [cuts to Andy in an interview] Andy: That's as hard as I can hint.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: You know how some people say they're not in it for the money? Well, with all due respect to this job, I'm think I'm definitely in it for the money. And, quite honestly, the women.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Bear my child. Angela: Excuse me? Dwight: I want to have a child for business reasons and I want you to be the mother. If you agree, say nothing. If you disagree, say anything. [Angela is silent] Very well. Let's meet at 4:00 pm at our old meeting spot and bang it out.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: There she sat. Her name was Pam. She was a receptionist. She was engaged to an animal. There sat Jim. He was a gawky, tall salesman. The odds of them getting together were insur-mountain-able. I made a family! I got these two together and I made a family.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Did you grow up around here? Kevin: No. Erin: So, you must have grown up around somewhere else? Kevin: Yes.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It is St. Patrick's Day, and here in Scranton that is a huge deal. It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: They say that no man is an island. False! I am an island and this island is volcanic. And it is about to erupt. With the molten hot lava of strategy!
tv-office-us	family	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: Hey baby, what's up? Jim: I am currently reading incoherent riddles on blue index cards to find vital information that Michael has hidden all over the office. How are you? Pam: Nothing but vomit and diapers over here. Jim: Oh my God, I couldn't envy you more.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Hope... grows Michael: ...in a dump.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Isabel watches Dwight play Whack-a-Mole] Isabel: You are amazing at this. How did you get so good? Dwight: Whacking moles.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: And then my last job was at a Taco Bell Express. But then it became a full-time Taco Bell and... I don't know. I couldn't keep up.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You know what, I resent the implication that I would keep that secret. Everyone here knows that I can't and won't keep a secret.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I bet you get pulled over by the cops a lot because of your race. Kelly: Well they say it's because of texting, but maybe you're right.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: You ever notice you can only ooze two things? Sexuality and pus. Man, I tell ya.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I always knew I would be destroyed by my own creation, but honestly I thought it would be that bull that Mose and I are trying to reanimate.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I like Donna. Is it wrong to keep seeing her? Depends on who you ask. I mean, if you ask her husband...or you took a random poll, yeah, it's wrong.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: Dwight is about to get so Pammed!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phyllis: I'm glad Michael's getting help. He has a lot of issues, and he's stupid.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Thank you, doctor. Take two of these [flips Toby off with both middle fingers] and call me in the morning.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Women cannot resist a man singing show tunes. It's so powerful, even a lot of men can't resist a man singing show tunes.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: All that singing got in the way of some perfectly good murders.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: This morning, Danny Cordray stole a sale from me. So what do I do? I go out and I steal Danny Cordray. The sale that mattered, I made. Boom. Funny thing about it, we don't even need him. We already have Packer on the road. Guh! Crap, I forgot about Packer...
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Darryl Philbin is the greatest guy in the world. And you know what I'd like? I would like to have all the racists brought together and take Darryl Philbin out to lunch. Just to see what they're missing.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: [looking up at the church ceiling] Why you always got to be so mean to me?
tv-office-us	family	quip	general	0	Michael: If you break that girl's heart, I will kill you. It's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: Yes, I have a dream, and it's not some MLK dream for equality. I want to own a decommissioned lighthouse. And I want to live at the top. And nobody knows I live there. And there's a button that I can press and launch that lighthouse into space.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Around here, Oscar is known as "Actually" because he will insert himself into just about any conversation to add facts or correct grammar. He really does fit that old stereotype of the smug gay Mexican.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Who's Holly, guys? Michael: That is a good question, Erin. How do you describe somebody who is at the same time an old friend, and was a lover, and was a complicated part of my past, and maybe - just maybe - a part of my future? Creed: She's one sassy black lady.
tv-office-us	society	observation	general	0	Andy: I don't have kids or anything, but if my grandmother ever dies, I'm going to kill myself.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: I have been trying to get on jury duty every single year since I was 18-years old. To get to sit in an air conditioned room, downtown, judging people while my lunch was paid for? That is the life!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After meeting Angela's boyfriend Robert] Oscar: Robert seems great. He's very handsome, firm handshake, he's gay, good sense of humor.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: In the end, the greatest snowball isn't a snowball at all: it's fear. Merry Christmas.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Holly is ruining Michael's life. He thinks she is so special and she's so not. Her personality is like a 3. Her sense of humor is a 2. Her ears are like a 7 and a 4. Add it all up and what do you get? 16. And he treats her like she's a perfect 40. It's nuts.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: You drive. I got a car full of fox meat.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Holly and I are like Romeo and Juliet, and the office is like the dragon that kept them apart.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: So tell me about your new girlfriend. Andy: She's neat. I met her at Darryl's cousin's party. We were the only two white people there. Erin: Aw, cute.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [as Michael Scarn] It's going to take a lot more than a bullet to the brain, lungs, heart, back and balls to kill Michael Scarn!
tv-office-us	life	quip	general	0	Kevin: I have very little patience for stupidity.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Well this isn't my best, but call Froggy 101, say that we're the tour manager for Justin Bieber, and we're giving away free tickets. We give him a number to call for the tickets and it's his own number. Dwight: Who is Justice Beaver? Jim: ...He's a crime fighting beaver.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deangelo: Michael, the last time I was exposed to a peanut I was itchy for three days, OK? I had to take baths constantly. I missed the O.J. verdict. I had to read about it in the paper like an idiot.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deangelo: Uhhh, you sir! Are we having fun tonight? Jim: Having a great time. Deangelo: Oh good! Jim: Thanks, yeah. Deangelo: Where were you on September 11th? Michael: No! God!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Sorry we're late, we were waiting in line at the DMV Deangelo: Fall asleep right after sex...right guys? Jim: Nope, go back to the script
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: So this is my life. Until I win the lottery. Or Pam finally writes that series of young adult books. Pam: So one afternoon, while walking home from school, quirky 10th grader Becky Walters finds a wounded Pegasus in the woods. And she becomes...The Horse Flyer.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gabe: Shut up about the sun. SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: I worked for the last boss for 15 years. According to my doctor, I don't have another 15 years if I want to keep up the same dietary and sexual lifestyle, which I intend to.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: When I was a salesman I could just be like "not my job, not my prob, I'm going to the warehouse to polish my knob!" ...Metaphorically, of course.
tv-office-us	life	quip	general	0	Robert: There's something about an underdog that really inspires the unexceptional.
tv-office-us	food	tv-quote	general	0	Darryl: I decided to stay home, eat a bunch of tacos in my basement. Now my basement smells like tacos. You can't air out a basement. And taco air is heavy. It settles at the lowest point.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: There's gotta be a better way to do this. This is literally how they built the pyramids. Dwight: Well, they whipped people, which was helpful.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Schrute Farms is very easy to find. It's right in the middle of the root vegetable district. If the soil starts to get acidic, you've gone too far.
tv-office-us	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: JAMES, PAMELA, AND PEE PEE HALPERT!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: [about Dwight] Every Halloween, I tell him the same thing: "You can't bring weapons into the office." And every year, he says the same thing: "As soon as I get my weapons back, I'm gonna kill you."
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Pam, how would you rate me as a receptionist on a scale of 1 to 3? Pam: Um, two? Erin: That's like the second to last thing I wanted to hear.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: Do you know her last name yet? Gabe: Toby, I'm gonna tell you her last name tomorrow because she's gonna be screaming it tonight. Toby: She's going to be screaming her own last name?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: You're the deuce I never want to drop!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: You know it's not just pregnant women who don't get their due. You know who's gorgeous? Helen Mirren.&#8232; Ryan: Yes! Have you seen her in a bikini? Amazing. Toby: You know what would be the hottest thing ever? It's a pregnant Helen Mirren.&#8232
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I am a leader. But you can only inspire people so much in a place like this. So today I'm turning the inspire-factor up to ten with a little help from my friend America's bloodiest battle.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Robert: The situation you described, returning home to a wife complaining about her paper being too masculine, is not one I'm familiar with. Stanley: Well, in the African American community... Robert: No.
tv-office-us	science	tv-quote	general	0	Host: Alright guys, time's up. Who was the relatively unknown patent clerk who discovered that energy equals mass times the speed of light squared? Looks like everyone gets a point for Albert Einstein. Oh wait, except for The Einsteins.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: I guess Andy isn't totally over his current girlfriend. But if he was jealous once before then maybe I can make him jealous again. Just not with Robert. He told me he was a ride I wouldn't survive...and I believe him.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Darryl: Seems like the better title I have, the stupider my job gets.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: The more I here about all this a capella drama, the more I think it's kind of pathetic. But when you're with someone, you put up with the stuff that makes you lose respect for them, and that is love.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: Who's the one that didn't bring lice into the office? Meredith. Sure, I gave everybody pinkeye once, and my ex keyed a few of their cars. And yeah, I BMed in the shredder on New Year's. But I didn't bring the lice in. That was all Pam.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I can't believe you came. Michael: That's what she said.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Are those police boats? [house band does a rimshot, as if GOB was joking] No, seriously, I think those are police boats. George Sr.: That's the Securities and Exchange Commission. Buster: They have boats?
tv-arrested	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: Well clearly the blue part is the land.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: What have we always said is the most important thing? George Michael: Breakfast! Michael: ...No. Family. George Michael: Oh right! I thought you meant of the things you eat.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: If you're saying I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all my children equally. [Flashback to that morning] Lucille: I don't care for Gob.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Then, mistaking a group of garishly dressed men for pirates, Tobias boarded a van full of homosexuals.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: This is my vacation, Michael. Michael: You're doing time, Dad. George Sr.: I'm doing the time... of my life!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille Bluth: You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I should be in charge. I'm the older brother. Michael: Do you even want to be in charge? Gob: No... but I'd like to be asked!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Let me ask you something. Is this a business decision, or is it personal? 'Cause if it's business I'll go away happily. But if it's personal, I'll go away... but I won't be happy. Michael: It's personal.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Steve Holt: Steve Holt!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: I care deeply for nature. Michael: You're wearing ostrich-skin boots. Lindsay: Well, I don't care about ostriches.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille Bluth: I'll be in the hospital bar. Michael: Uh, you know there isn't a hospital bar, Mother. Lucille: Well, this is why people hate hospitals. [Cackles at her own wit]
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: She's just wigged out because I have a girlfriend. Lucille: A waiter hands him a note and suddenly he's Steve McQueen. He doesn't even know what she looks like. Buster: I know that she's a brownish area with points.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You're just jumping right into this, huh? Buster: That's what you do when life hands you a chance to be with someone special. You just grab that brownish area by its points and you don't let go no matter what your mom says.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prison warden: You really think you can break out of my prison? Gob: You won't even know I was here. Narrator: The warden was intrigued. Less about the stunt, and more about the prison beatings this brash magician was sure to receive.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marta: I just couldn't find my keys. Michael: Well, my brother may have eaten them.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: I just haven't had sex in a month. Michael: You know, you've been here two months. George Sr.: It's hard to gauge time. Michael: Yeah, I'll bet.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I [bleep]ed Kitty! Michael: Gob! I just wanted you to get the information. Gob: I got the information. Michael: You did, huh? About the international accounts? Gob: Oh, I see what you're getting at. No, I didn't get any information.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kitty: Gob? I wish I would have know you were coming. I am a mess. Gob: I don't know if a call from me would've changed that.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Kitty: Do you like my outfit? Gob: Not as much as I like what's underneath it. Kitty: Gob! Gob: No, I need your chair. Get up.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Come on, face it. You just do all this charity crap just to stroke your ego. You don't even know what the auction's for tonight. Lindsay: The wetlands. Michael: To do what with them? Lindsay: Dry them. Michael: Save them. Lindsay: From drying.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Look, I screwed up, ok? I'm lost, and I hate them. I hate the Wetlands. They're stupid and wet, and there are bugs everywhere, and I think I maced a crane, Michael.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Tobias had intended to park the family's only vehicle at the airport parking lot, but was waved onto the tarmac instead, where he found a spot close to his gate.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: Supposedly, Luz had to take her daughter to the hospital. That's Lupe, her sister. Michael: I hope she's okay. Lucille: She's awful. Can barely wash a dish.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: (loudly) Well, how embarrassing. My own brother buying me? I'd rather die. (whispers to Michael) Thank you. Maybe you're not that selfish.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[at the prison] Barry Zuckerkorn: Are all the guys in here... you know? [referencing gay inmates] George Sr.: Oh, no, no. No, not all of them. Barry Zuckerkorn: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. George Sr.: Hope? Barry Zuckerkorn: Think.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Jarvis: I use one adjective to describe myself, what is it? Michael: Professional. [Jarvis shakes head and walks out]
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Did I just wake you up? I didn't even know you were home. Lindsay: No, Michael, I don't just sleep all day. Narrator: Actually, Lindsay was so upset at Michael that she tried meditating to calm herself but ended up taking a two-hour angry nap.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I love Marta. Lindsay: Mom's housekeeper?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Jarvis: I shall duck behind the couch. Michael: What a pro.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Jarvis: I shall duck behind that little garbage can. Michael: Guy's a pro.
tv-arrested	food	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [to Lucille] Oh, um... there's a big bowl of candy in my office. Why don't you go eat it? Wayne Jarvis: Wayne Jarvis, attorney at law. I have a responsibility to tell you that there is no candy in this office.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [to Michael] Well, if it isn't the boy who lives under the stairs.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Hey, Mom. Remember we had that conversation about trying to cut back on things that aren't necessities? Lucille: Like it was yesterday. Michael: It was this morning.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: You're my third least favorite child. Michael: I can live with that.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Speaking of the surprise party for Lucille] Maeby: We [George Michael and Maeby] don't have to go, do we? Michael: This is a Bluth family celebration. It's no place for children.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I can't believe she got that driver's license renewed. Gob: She didn't. I dummied her up a new one. Not my best work, though. She wanted to look 48. I nearly airbrushed her into oblivion. Ended up checking "albino" in the form.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: It would just give Dad one more reason to think that I've got nothing to offer but my looks. Gob: Yeah, I got some of that. Except he also didn't like my looks.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: And I'm going to continue dating, Mom. Michael: It sounds a little bit like "dating Mom." Buster: It's starting to feel a little like it.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Since when are you against leather? Maeby: Yeah, you're not even a vegetarian. Lindsay: Well, I'm not against the insides. I mean, people need meat to survive. Michael: You are aware they don't remove it from the cow surgically, right?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man at the store: May I help you? Tobias: Oh, I hope so. Um, I'm looking for something that says, "Dad likes leather." Man: Something that says, "leather daddy"? Tobias: Oh, is there such a thing?
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'm a saint, you know. I'm a living saint, and I get absolutely nothing out of it. Lindsay: Well, you get a false feeling of superiority Michael: That is nice, but this time it's not enough.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rollo: If you care about your brother, you'll get in this car. Michael: Which brother? Rollo: Gob. [Michael leaves]
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: You're the only one who chose a spouse I liked and she had to die. Michael: I know, that's rough for you.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: [to Lindsay] I don't criticize you! And if you're worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Maeby: [working with Lucille] This is so much fun. I can't believe my mom thought being here would be a punishment. Lucille: Oh, she thinks I'm too critical. That's another fault of hers.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Maeby: [working with Lucille] Well, we can go get some ice cream, Gangee. That would be fun, right? Lucille: I don't think so. That chubby little wrist of yours is testing the tensile strength of this bracelet as it is.
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: What time is it? Oh, almost sundown. I have to prepare for the Sabbath. Michael: It's Tuesday. George Sr.: Shh...
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You knew the whole time, didn't you? George Michael: Well, sort of. One of the Hot Cops is my choir teacher.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Tell you what. I'm going to give you the cash, but in return, I get to ask you for a favor sometime. Gob: My gut is telling me no. But my gut is also very hungry.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [about the Hot Cops] These guys are pros, Michael. They're gonna push the tension 'til the last possible moment before they strip. Michael: They're not going to strip, are they? Gob: I told them not to, but I can't promise that their instincts won't kick in.
tv-arrested	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jessie: We need to make Michael the new face of the Bluth company. He's the only likable one in the bunch. No offense. Michael: None taken.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jessie: There are very few intelligent, attractive and straight men in this town. Tobias: Well, that certainly leaves me out. [Everyone looks at Tobias] You said "single," right? She said "single."
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Jessie: Your father's religious now? We'll play that up. It's very sympathetic. Lucille: Yeah. Who doesn't love the Jews?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I'll have the Ike and Tina Tuna. Waitress: Plate or platter? Lucille: I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Oh, I see. She wants to talk to you. For some reason women feel safe around you. Maybe it's because you've only had sex four times. Michael: Not four times, four women! And they talk to me because I talk to them!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: [holding out a tissue] Blow. Buster: No, Mother. I can blow myself.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Barry Zuckerkorn: It would help if you would all show up looking like a loving, supportive family. Lucille: For how long? Barry Zuckerkorn: Ten minutes tops. Lucille: See if you can get it down to five.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [to Michael] Tell you what. You may not be good with women, but you are great with other people's women. I'll give you that.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	George Michael: Was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant? Gob: Oh yeah. Dozens of times.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: It's George Michael, he told me. I think he wants a mother. Michael: Well that's ridiculous. He's got you, he's got our mother. You'd think that would turn him off to the entire concept.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I don't have the milk of mother's kindness in me anymore. Michael: Yeah. That udder's been dry for a while though, hasn't it?
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Well, you and I have different management styles. I believe work should be fun, and you try to crush people's spirits. What's next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: I'm a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Lucille: Suddenly, playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: What are you doing firing Kitty? You can't fire Kitty. First of all, you don't have hiring and firing power. Michael: I do, and I had to - she's crazy. George Sr.: Well, that's why you don't fire her. You don't fire crazy. You never fire crazy.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'm not a one-night stand kinda guy, I don't like lying to women. Gob: These are lawyers. That's Latin for liar.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Boy, the lengths you'll go to sleep with a woman. Gob: Believe me, we didn't do any sleeping. I had sex last night. Narrator: But he really didn't. Gob: Yes, I did.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I just had a major night. With a major blonde. Who just majored in Marine Biology, if you know what I mean. Michael: I don't know what you mean. I can't imagine what that means.
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: And now you love the Ten Commandments. And yet you're the one who so conveniently forgot "Thou shalt protect thy father and honor no one above him unless it be-ith me, thy sweet Lord." Michael: I'm not sure that one made it down the mountain, Gob.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I've got the marriage and none of the good parts. It's like so far it's been all chain and no ball.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: As you may or may not know, Lindsay and I have hit a bit of a rough patch. Michael: Really? When did that start? Tobias: Well, I don't want to blame it all on 9/11, but it certainly didn't help.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	George Senior: Gilligan has promised me that all this money will be safe in IRAs. Ira Gilligan: It's Ira, sir. George Senior: Oh, I'm sorry, Gilligan. Will be safe in Ira's.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: Michael, this is my brother. Do you know what it's like to have a sibling who has no source of income except for you? Michael: Just one? No, no idea. It sounds wonderful, though.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: I'm afraid that this offer comes off the table at midnight. Michael: That may be the worst bluff I've ever heard. Narrator: Even the members of Gobias industries agreed on that one.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Well, they expect a certain amount of theft, Michael. It's built into the price. If I didn't take it, then people would be overpaying for nothing.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: No, no, look, you were ... you were just a turd out there, you know? You couldn't kick, and you couldn't run, you know? You were just... a turd.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Not really. Kids love boundaries. I mean, look at these girls. (Talking about the "Girls with Low Self-Esteem" tape) Is this what you want? Tobias: Oh, God, no. Michael: This could be where your daughter is headed. Tobias: Oh, no, no, I don't want this for Maeby either.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: It's zero hour, Michael. It's the end of the line. I'm the firstborn. Sick of playing second fiddle. Always third in line for everything. Tired of finishing fourth. Being the fifth wheel. [thinks for a moment] There are six things I'm mad about, and I'm taking over.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Tell me the truth, okay? 'Cause there's been a lot of lying in this family. Lucille: And a lot of love. Michael: More lies.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Tobias went to a try-out for the Blue Man Group hoping to be seen. [Tobias gets hit by a car] Narrator: Unfortunately, it was dusk, and he couldn't be seen.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: What did he say? Tell me the last thing he said. Tobias: [in flashback] I'm afraid I just blue myself. Michael: He said some wonderful things.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Well, I better get over there before he brings the whole company down. Lindsay: It's only been three hours. How much damage could he really do? Narrator: In three hours, Gob had done $45,000 in damage.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: It's not fair to Buster. He's a nervous wreck right now. He's going into the Army, for God's sake. Michael: You volunteered him. Lucille: I knew you were going to throw that in my face.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I want you out of the house. Oscar: Oh, I want you everywhere.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Tom Jane: I just want my kids back.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [to Gob] Get rid of the Seaward. Lucille: I'll leave when I'm good and ready.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias:I know you're the big marriage expert. Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot your wife is dead! [beat] I'm sorry, that was 100% inappropriate and I do apologize profusely. I'm, oh...
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: We have a private eye, huh? Lucille: Oh, I hired him a hundred years ago to find out if your father was cheating on me. He never did find anything. Michael: Well, he can't be very good then.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Ann-Hog's coming? Well, load her up in the car.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Maeby: Is there any way I can divorce them? Barry: Oh, sure. It's called emancipation. But you've got to prove that you're living in an unstable environment. Maeby: Both my parents are trying to have affairs. Of course, they haven't succeeded yet.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: What are you doing home? Buster: Army had half a day.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I think George Michael's hiding Ann in the attic. Lindsay: From who? The Nazis?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: Here he comes. Here comes John Wayne. [imitating John Wayne] I'm not gonna cry about my Pa. I'm gonna build an airport. Put my name on it. [speaking normally] Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings?
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: As a child, Buster had a beloved parakeet. But after landing on his mother's housekeeper's head, it flew away. And into a transformer. When Buster found out, he destroyed the family's kitchen, believing this to be where Rosa lived.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: [to Maeby] You know what? I'm going to throw on a skirt, take off my underwear, and make your Pop-pop proud!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Michael: I have Pop-Pop in the attic. Michael: What? The mere fact that you call making love "pop pop" tells me you're not ready.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: God willing, he'll fail boot camp. Michael: Well, why wouldn't he? He already failed day camp.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I'm the pathetic one, Buster, not you. I totally freaked out in front of that prosecutor today. Like a little girl. In a little dress. Little saddle shoes. Little pigtails. Buster: Wow, that does sound like a little girl.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: No, you're not going to that. You see, if I show up with you, it'll just make me seem like I'm a mother. Maeby: I've never thought of you that way. Lindsay: That's sweet.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I did the right thing, Michael. If I don't fire them, how do I teach a lesson to the others? Michael: There are no others. You fired everyone.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: Get me a vodka rocks. Michael: Mom, it's breakfast. Lucille: And a piece of toast.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sitwell: The only thing I ask is, out of the 450 homes we build, one be given to a disadvantaged family from the inner city. Gob: That's great. So the other 449 families live in fear? Is that what we're saying?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: ...We lost our entire outfield, and a couple of court cases. George Michael: You know who would be great - and not at all litigious - is Ann.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [to Buster] Maybe it's time you got out there and started meeting people. You know? Meeting women. Meeting women who didn't give birth to you.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Oh, hi, Mom. I have the afternoon free. Lucille: Really? Did "nothing" cancel?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: My back is in knots. I haven't had a massage since prison. Michael: Hope that was forced.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: She'd love to get at me any way she could. That's why she's been flirting with Gob. She's trying to prove that she's closer to my children than I am, but the joke's on her, because she doesn't know how little I care for Gob. Michael: I think that makes the joke on Gob.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: Hey, fake Uncle Jack.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Well Gob doesn't do anything for the family... Gob: Hey... I'm [bleep]ing Lucille 2! Lindsay: Oh! I could do something like that...
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: That's the first time we were in the shower since our honeymoon. Tobias: And this time, no tears!
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Mom, after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Oh, God. Not that "I'm in love with my mother" dance thing. I'm so glad there wasn't one of those for daddies and daughters. Lucille: Of course they have father-daughter dances. Lindsay: They do? He never took me? Lucille: It was before we did your nose. Toodle-oo.
tv-arrested	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: So then, he's more popular than George Michael? Maeby: Well, that's like comparing apples and some fruit nobody's ever heard of.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You've got to be the laziest person in the world. Lindsay: If you weren't all the way on the other side of the room, I'd slap your face.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: Hey! I'm finally being treated like a real person. Not some deformed... Gob: Ah! Hook. I forgot about that there, Elephant Man. We'll have to find something to do so that people can look at you without wanting to kill themselves.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: My baby is sick, but Mother is here to nurse you. Michael: Well, now I'm a little sicker.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Michael, I've been looking for you. Michael: Looks like you're looking for dragons... In the future.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Michael: Ann just called. They had a pre-dawn mass. Then they were going to mass, so... Michael: Ann's got a great deal of mass.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Don't you think they're a bit too young [to get involved]? Rev. Veal: Well, we got serious around his age. Michael: [Glancing at the reverend's wife] Well-who can blame you? You gotta lock that down...
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: Oh, please. I've been drinking since before you were born. So if alcohol's the reason I'm here, I got news for you, bub. It's the only reason you're here, too. Michael: Hey, look at that. You're mean sober, too.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Why don't you get Gob to do your dirty work for you? Shall I knock Dad out and chain him to a pipe somewhere, or should I risk another herpes outbreak with Kitty? Which is it this time, Michael? Michael: Well, definitely neither of those two things.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Gob had hidden his father under a house that had just collapsed. Gob: [Seeing George Michael and Maeby] Children - you're small. Crawl under there.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 3[edit] Gob: Pardon me if I don't burst into tears, Michael. At least he promised to take you. [bursts into tears] He just let me blindly enjoy my childhood! [sobbing] I didn't even know there was a cabin... he wasn't taking me to!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: We've got a picture of you with Saddam Hussein. George, Sr.: I thought, I thought that was the guy who played the Soup Nazi. I told him how much I liked his work.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Steve Holt's not my son. George Michael: Steve Holt? The moron jock? Gob: That's my son, you pothead!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Hey, can you do me a favor? A young neighborhood tough by the name of Steve Holt will be dropping by, and... Michael: Your son? Gob: According to him. Michael: And a DNA test. Gob: I heard the jury's still out on science.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a work-out montage with Michael] Steve Holt: Don't ask "can I?," ask "I can!" Steve Holt: You can control your bladder when you're dead! Steve Holt: No blood, no oil! Steve Holt: There's no "I" in "win"!
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Rita: Rita corny, Michael. Narrator: So Michael used a line that was just as corny. Michael: You know, I think that we should wait until after we're married.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Michael has just revealed that he knows Rita is mentally challenged] Rita: You found out. Michael: Took me long enough. Rita: Maybe you're not smart, either! I didn't know until they told me.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I want to cry so bad, but I don't think I can spare the moisture.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: And that goes into storage, right? Not into your apartment. Painter: Que? Lucille: [to Michael] What's Spanish for "I know you speak English"?
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I've got this Christian girlfriend now and she's trying to get me to be a better man and reconnect with my son and I'm trying to get her to renounce God and [bleep] me and I just want to prove to her that I'm worth it.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: That's the point, Dad. Mr. Loblaw no longer works for us because someone wanted a boyfriend. Tobias: Well, don't blame me! Michael: I was talking to Lindsay, actually, but he was clearly turned off to the both of you.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: You know, Mom, I think the only time you cooked for us was the morning Rosa's mom died. Buster: You gave us cereal in an ashtray.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	George, Sr.: I just want my brother to envy my money, but he's got that hair. Why can't I have hair and money and him nothing?
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: The real problem is that she keeps saying that God is going to show me a sign. The... something of my ways. Wisdom? Michael: It's probably wisdom.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I can't stand to hear one more lie out of this family. Tobias: [entering, to Lindsay] There's the woman I'm sexually attracted to. Michael Okay, but that's the last one.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Shaw: I'm sorry it took so long, but the Cheney Expressway was backed up all the way to Halliburton Road.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: I should call the Hot Cops and tell them to dress up as something more nautically themed. Hot sailors, maybe. Or better yet, hot seam - Michael: I like hot sailors. Tobias: Mmmm. Me too.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Although George Michael had only got to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: It was Arrested Development.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 4[edit] Michael: I was mistakenly voted out of a four-person housing situation in a "pack first, no talking after" scenario.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: I have changed, Michael! I cry at the drop of a hat and I hate the way I look. I actually had one cute hat, and it... [starts sobbing] blew off at this CVS parking lot... and this whole car full of black kids ran over it - for no reason! And they saw it! THEY SAW IT!
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [Upon getting shocked seeing a picture of Jesus] For a second, I thought that was a real guy.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [to a group of migrant workers] Who wants to help me build a wall... [Workers show interest] ...to keep Mexicans out of America? [Workers throw garbage at him] Alright, alright... Who wants to help me build a wall for no reason? It's a different wall!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tony Wonder: I'm here, I'm queer... And now I'm in a chair!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Asian bully: This table is for National Honor Society members only.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille 2: Buster, you look different. Buster: Yes, I've been with a black woman.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: I am no longer a Mother-boy, I am a Mother-man!
tv-montypython	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Interviewer: Get your own arts programme, you fairy!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reporter: This morning, shortly after 11:00, comedy struck this little house on Dibley Road. Sudden...violent...comedy.
tv-montypython	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: In 1945, peace broke out. It was the end of the Joke. Joke warfare was banned at a special session of the Geneva Convention, and in 1950 the last remaining copy of the joke was laid to rest here in the Berkshire countryside, never to be told again.
tv-montypython	faith	quip	general	0	Announcer: And the results of Epilogue: God exists by two falls to a submission.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A projector clicks to a slide showing a tree.] The Announcer: No. 1: The Larch. The Larch. The Larch.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Superman One: Oh look... is it a stockbroker? Superman Two: Is it a quantity Surveyor? Superman Three: Is it a church warden? All Supermen: NO! It's Bicycle Repair Man!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Policeman: I must warn you, sir, that outside I have police dog Josephine, who is not only armed and trained to sniff out certain substances but is also a junkie.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	[to a man whose wife has been eaten alive by a blancmange] Detective Inspector: I think what's happened is terribly, terribly funny... er, tragic!
tv-montypython	life	joke	general	0	Woman: I object to all this sex on the television. I mean, I keep falling off.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bevis: I always preferred the outdoor life...hunting...shooting...fishing...getting out there with a gun and slaughtering a few of God's creatures.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kenny Lust: Ken Buddha. A smile, two bangs, and a religion.
tv-montypython	life	quip	general	0	Spanish TV Host: "Pero las llamas son peligrosas. Si usted ve una llama donde hay gente&#65279; nadando, usted gritar: ¡Cuidado! ¡Llamas!" ["Llamas are dangerous, so if you see one where people are swimming, you shout: Look out, there are Llamas!"]
tv-montypython	life	joke	general	0	Arthur Name: Here's a joke I heard down in the pub: what's brown, and sounds like a bell? Dung!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Goatkeeper: [coughing as he carries in a goat by the leash] I had to bring the goat; he's not well. I only hope he don't go on the carpet.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Later] Goatkeeper: The goat's done a bundle!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief Constable There'samanbehindyou: Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Chief Constable There'samanbehindyou. Everybody: There's a man behind you? Chief Constable There'samanbehindyou: No, you're not going to fool me with that one.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer: This man, he doesn't know when he's beaten! He doesn't know when he's winning, either. He has no... sort of... sensory apparatus...
tv-montypython	food	tv-quote	general	0	Head Waiter: This is a vegetarian restaurant - we serve no meat of any kind. We're not only proud of that, we're smug about it.
tv-montypython	life	dark	general	0	Surgeon: Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive operation can't prolong.
tv-montypython	society	tv-quote	general	0	Interviewer: Minister, in your plan, "A Better Britain For Us", you promised to build 88 thousand million billion houses a year in the greater London area alone. In fact, you've built only three in the last 15 years.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Interviewer: Was there anything unusual about Dinsdale? Woman: Certainly not! He was perfectly normal in every way! Except... inasmuch as he thought he was being followed by a giant hedgehog named Spiny Norman.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Interviewer:Doug and Dinsdale Piranha were born on probation in this house Kipling Road,Suffolk the eldest sons in a family of sixteen.Their father, Arthur Piranha, a scrap metal dealer and local T.V. Quizmaster, was known by the police and a devout Catholic
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reg: Mr. Wentworth just told me to come in here and say that there was trouble at the mill, that's all - I didn't expect a kind of Spanish Inquisition! [Three men in red uniforms burst through the door] Cardinal Ximinez: Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	"It's" Man: I would tax Raquel Welch. I have a feeling she'd tax me.
tv-montypython	life	joke	general	0	Doctor: [emerging from under a Scotsman's kilt] Look, would you please go away? I'm trying to examine this man! It's all right, I'm a doctor... actually I'm a gynaecologist, but this is my lunch hour.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Psychiatrist Milkman: Mrs. Ratbag, if you don't mind me saying so, you're badly in need of an expensive course of psychiatric treatment. Now, I'm not going to say that a trip to our dairy will cure you, but it will give hundreds of lower-paid workers a good laugh.
tv-montypython	life	joke	general	0	Padre: Sorry I'm late, head master. I've been wrestling with Plato. Head Master: What you do in your own time, padre, is written on the wall in the vestry!
tv-montypython	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Spim: I love animals, that's why I like to kill 'em.
tv-montypython	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Fourth Bruce: Bruce, I call upon you to close our meeting with a prayer. First Bruce: Oh Lord, we beseech thee etc., etc., etc., Amen. All Bruces: Amen! First Bruce: Right. Now let's get some Sheilas.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	. . . TV Announcer: It's just gone eight o'clock and time for the penguin on top of your television set to explode. [The penguin explodes] Pepperpot 1: How did he know that was going to happen? TV Announcer: It was an inspired guess. And now...
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fourth City Gent: Well, I've been in the city for 30 years and I've never once regretted being a nasty, greedy, cold-hearted, avaricious money-grubber... er, Conservative!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Gumby: I believe in peace, and bashing two bricks together!
tv-montypython	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Silly Reverend: We at the Church of the Divine Loony believe in the power of prayer to turn the face purple!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: In 1970 the British Empire lay in ruins, foreign nationals frequented the streets, many of them Hungarians (not the streets - the foreign nationals). Anyway, many of these Hungarians went into tobacconists shops to buy cigarettes...
tv-montypython	life	quip	general	0	Hungarian: My hovercraft is full of eels.
tv-montypython	arts	quip	general	0	Host: Tschaikowsky: Was he the tortured soul who poured out his immortal longings into dignified passages of stately music, or was he just an old poof who wrote tunes?
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Banging is heard at the door Mr Kelly: Are you going to be in there all night? Newsreader:It's just a bulletin, Mr Kelly... and now back to the Story. Mr Kelly: Commence! Newsreader: All right!
tv-montypython	food	joke	general	0	Woman: Well there's rat cake ... rat sorbet... rat pudding... or strawberry tart. Man: Strawberry tart?! Woman: Well it's got some rat in it. Man: How much? Woman: Three, rather a lot really. Man: ... well, I'll have a slice without so much rat in it.
tv-montypython	food	tv-quote	general	0	Various characters: Lemon curry?!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Announcer #2: The BBC would like to deny the last apology. It is very happy at home, and BBC2 is bound to go through this phase, so from all of us here, good night, sleep well, and have an absolutely super day tomorrow, kiss kiss.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Pither: You are Rear Admiral Sir Dudley Compton? Chinaman: No. He die. He have heart attack and fell out of window onto exploding bomb, and was killed in shooting accident.
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chinaman: [toasting] Buttocks up!
tv-montypython	society	quip	general	0	Communist: Oh, my lack of God! It's Trotsky!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Roger Last: Good evening. Tonight on 'Is There' we examine the question, 'Is there a life after death?' And here to discuss it are three dead people.
tv-montypython	science	quip	general	0	Scientist: If we increase the size of the penguin until it is the same height as the man and then compare the relative brain size, we now find that the penguin's brain is still smaller. But, and this is the point, it is larger than it was!
tv-montypython	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Neutron: I want you to be my helpmate. As Tarzan had his Jane, as Napoleon had his Josephine, as Frankie Laine had whoever he had. I want you to help me in my plan to dominate the world! Mrs Scum: Oh, Mr N! That I should be so lucky! Mr Neutron: You're not Jewish, are you?
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The place is here, the time is now, and the journey into the shadows that we're about to watch could be our journey.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Up there, up there in the vastness of space, in the void that is sky, up there is an enemy known as isolation. It sits there in the stars waiting, waiting with the patience of eons, forever waiting... in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Henry Fate, dealer in utensils and pots and pans, liniments and potions. A fanciful little man in a black frock coat who can help a man climbing out of a pit - or another man from falling into one. Because, you see, fate can work that way in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henry Bemis: And the very best thing, the very, VERY best thing of all, is that there's time now. There's all the time I need, all the time I want. Time, time, time. (sighs) There's time enough, at last!
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: They say a dream takes only a second or so, and yet in that second a man can live a lifetime. He can suffer and die, and who's to say which is the greater reality: the one we know or the one in dreams, between heaven, the sky, the earth in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Renard: Why does it have to stop? Pedott: Because the things you need most, I can't supply. Renard: What are they? Pedott: Serenity, peace of mind, humor, the ability to laugh at one's self. Those are things you need the most, but it's beyond my power to give them to you.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Renard: C'mon old man, tell me - are these what I need? Pedott: I didn't say they were. But I'll tell you something - they happen to be what I need.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Behind a tiny ship heading into space is a doomed planet on the verge of suicide. Ahead lies a place called Earth, the third planet from the sun. And for William Sturka and the men and women with him, it's the eve of the beginning in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Practical joke perpetrated by Mother Nature and a combination of improbable events. Practical joke wearing the trappings of nightmare, of terror, of desperation. Small human drama played out in...the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Nan Adams, age twenty-seven. She was driving to California, to Los Angeles. She didn't make it. There was a detour through the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Obscure metaphysical explanation to cover a phenomenon, reasons dredged out of the shadows to explain away that which cannot be explained. Call it parallel planes or just insanity. Whatever it is, you find it in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Last stop on a long journey, as yet another human being returns to the vast nothingness that is the beginning and into the dust that is always the end.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Species of animal brought back alive. Interesting similarity in physical characteristics to human beings in head, trunk, arms, legs, hands, feet. Very tiny undeveloped brain; comes from primitive planet named Earth. Samuel Conrad has found the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A scared, angry little man who never got a break. Now he has everything he's ever wanted and he's going to have to live with it for eternity in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Miss Helen Foley, who has lived in night and who will wake up to morning. Miss Helen Foley, who took a dark spot from the tapestry of her life and rubbed it clean, then stepped back a few paces and got a good look at the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Joey Crown, who makes music, and who discovered something about life; that it can be rich and rewarding and full of beauty, just like the music he played, if a person would only pause to look and to listen. Joey Crown, who got his clue in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Marsha White in her normal and natural state...But it makes you wonder, doesn't it? Just how normal are we? Just who are the people we nod our hellos to as we pass on the street? A rather good question to ask, particularly in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Leaving Mr. Gregory West, still shy, quiet, very happy - and apparently in complete control of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	David Ellington: Honest men make unconvincing liars!
tv-twilightzone	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Ancient folk saying: 'You can catch the Devil, but you can't hold him long.' Ask Brother Jerome. Ask David Ellington. They know, and they'll go on knowing to the end of their days and beyond--in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: One time in a million, a coin will land on its edge, but all it takes to knock it over is a vagrant breeze, a vibration or a slight blow. Hector B. Poole, a human coin, on edge for a brief time in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Around and around she goes, and where she stops nobody knows. All Ed Lindsay knows is that he desperately wanted a second chase and he finally got it, through a strange and wonderful time machine called a radio...in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Some people possess talent, others are possessed by it. When that happens, the talent becomes a curse. Jimbo Cobb knew, right from the beginning. But before Ace Larsen learned that simple truth, he had to take a short trip through the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Christian Horn, one of the hardy breed of men who headed west during a time when there were no concrete highways or the solace of civilization. Mr. Christian Horn, family and party, heading west, after a brief detour through the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The last of four Rip Van Winkles who all died precisely the way they lived, chasing an idol across the sand to wind up bleached dry in the hot sun as so much desert flotsam, worthless as the gold bullion they built a shrine to. Tonight's lesson...in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: This has been a love story about two lonely people who found each other in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Incident on a dirt road during the month of April, the year 1865. As we've already pointed out, it's a road that won't be found on a map, but it's one of many that lead in and out of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jesse: [seeing the dead Fats Brown] It's impossible! Fats: Nothing's impossible. Some things are less likely than others, that's all.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Final comment: you take this with a grain of salt or a shovelful of earth, as shadow or substance, we leave it up to you. And for any further research check under 'G' for ghosts in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The poles of fear, the extremes of how the Earth might conceivably be doomed. Minor exercise in the care and feeding of a nightmare, respectfully submitted by all the thermometer-watchers in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Some superstitions, kept alive by the long night of ignorance, have their own special power. You'll hear of it through a jungle grapevine in a remote corner of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Mulligan, a rather dour critic of his times, is shortly to discover the import of that old phrase, "Out of the frying pan, into the fire," said fire burning brightly at all times in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harold Beldon: Mother, give me your hand. You see. No shock. No engulfment. No tearing asunder. What you feared would come like an explosion is like a whisper. What you thought was the end is the beginning.
tv-twilightzone	faith	wisdom	general	0	Radin: Tell me, Reverend, is life so stinking cheap that you can throw it down a drain? Reverend: Life is very dear, Mr. Radin, infinitely valuable. But, there are other things that come even higher. Honor is one of them, perhaps the most expensive of them all.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: There's an old saying that goes, 'If the shoe fits, wear it.' But be careful. If you happen to find a pair of size nine black-and-gray loafers, made to order in the old country, be very careful--you might walk right into the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Travellers to unknown regions would be well-advised to take along the family dog. He could just save you from entering the wrong gate. At least, it happened that way once--in a mountainous area of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Sunnyvale Rest, a home for the aged, a dying place, and a common children's game called kick the can that will shortly become a refuge for a man who knows he will die in this world if he doesn't escape into the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A man who went searching for concealed persons. And found himself, in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Time, the mid-twenties. Place, the Midwest, the southernmost section of the Midwest. We were just witnessing a funeral, a funeral that didn't come off exactly as planned, due to a slight fallout from the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Jeff and Comfort are still alive today, and their only son is a United States Senator. He's noted as an uncommonly shrewd politician, and some believe he must have gotten his education in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pat: Mr. Chambers! Don't get on that ship! The rest of the book, To Serve Man, it's... it's a cookbook!
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: What is it? Bill: The opening. Ruth: To what? Bill: I think... to another dimension.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: [Showing Fletcher the statue of him] The little people did that. They did it overnight. Fletcher: What do you give them in return, Craig? Craig: I won't tramp my feet down... on their town.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Somerset Frisby, who might have profited by reading an Aesop fable about a boy who cried wolf. Tonight's tall tale from the timberlands--of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	love	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: From Kahil Gibran's The Prophet: 'Love gives not but itself and takes not from itself, love possesses not nor would it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.' Not a lesson, just a reminder, from all the sentimentalists in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Madiero, Mexico, the present. The subject: fear. The cure: a little more faith. An Rx off a shelf--in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: You made me what I am today. I hope you're satisfied...like the song, by the same name...
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: They make a fairly convincing pitch here, It doesn't seem possible, though, to find a woman who might be ten times better than mother in order to seem half as good--except, of course, in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A fable? Most assurdly. But who's to say at some distant moment...?
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Professor Ellis Fowler, a gentle, bookish guide to the young, who is about to discover that life still has certain surprises, and that the Rock Springs School for Boys lies on a direct path to another institution, commonly referred to as the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Professor Ellis Fowler, teacher, who discovered rather belatedly something of his own value. A very small scholastic lesson, from the campus of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Small naval engagement, the month of April, 1963. Not to be found in any historical annals. Look for this one file under 'H' for haunting--in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Smith: Well, for the sake of argument, let's say I'm something of a connoisseur, and you have a very choice soul, and as the vintners say, it's a good year.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Exit the infernal machine, and with it his satanic majesty, Lucifer Prince of Darkness, otherwise known as Mr. Smith. He's gone, but not for good, that wouldn't be like him. He's gone for bad. And he might be back, with another ticket to the Twilight Zone.
tv-a-team	family	tv-quote	general	0	B.A. Baracus: You learn to love him, Mama. But it takes a long time. Referring to Hannibal Amy: That's the same thing he said about you.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: I got us a Gulfstream. Can you fly it? Murdock: Hey, brother. If it's got wings, I can fly it. Face: Great. Murdock: Hey, Face, what's a Gulfstream?
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock is singing in the cockpit when Hannibal joins him. Hannibal: The sleeping giant awakes. Murdock stops singing and stares shocked at Hannibal. Hannibal: How fast can you bring us down? Murdock: You just landed, brother.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Martin James: The Lord shall test them! They shall walk through the valley of his wrath. Hannibal: Now you're beginning to walk through the valley of my wrath, Preacher.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face gets hit hard in the face. Hannibal: (holds up three fingers) How many fingers am I holding up? Face: Blue.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	B.A. Baracus: We vote because I say we vote!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: (from inside padded cell) TRAAAAASH BAGS! I want TRAAAAASH BAGS! I want 'em! I want 'em!! Psychiatrist: (To guard) Do we have any trashbags? Maybe he'll put his head inside and suffocate.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock and Hannibal are seated in chairs will trash-bag balloons tied to them Hannibal: Murdock, how'd I let you talk me into this? Murdock: I don't know, I have intermittent memory loss! Takes off over prison wall
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock opens his mouth to say something. B.A.: Shut up, Murdock! Shut up!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: (sings) Did you ever see a hearse go by and think that someday you'd surely die. They put you in a little box and cover you over with dirt and rocks.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: [sings] I'm Bogey the Bear, I'm covered with hair!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: You don't have a plan, do you? Hannibal: Of course I have a plan. But it's a secret.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannibal: (to Prince) If you don't take your hand off of me, your family will wear black.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prince: (referring to Face who pretends to be a guy called Jerry) Jones, Garcia, why don't you show Jerry here what a nice street we got outside? Just make sure when he lands he don't hit my new car.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: (sings) I'm an old cowhand From Rio Grande and I learned to ride before I learned to stand. B.A.: You don't shut up I'll knock you off that horse!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	After the A-Team freed some wild mustangs. Murdock: Once again, the misterious Rider of the Range deals another triumphant blow for the rights of the oppressed. Face: (to a man) Don't ask. Man: I wasn't going to.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: Hi, I'm Dr. Vern, veterinarian. And this (holds his hand up where is a sock) is my talking dog, Socki. Wuff! B.A.: And this is my talkin' fist. Its name is Knock-Out. Do you wanna hear Knock-Out speak? Murdock: No.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannibal: If you lean on the Mayers once more you're gonna be shopping for some new kneecaps.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crazy Tommy T: (to Face) Talk to me or I'll have Jilly here use your head for an anvil.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannibal: Are these the only guys in the van, Murdock? Murdock: Yes, Sir. I checked for invisibles but they didn't have any with them.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	A tree falls on Murdock. Murdock: [sings in pain] I'm a lumberjack, I'm ok. I got no legs, but what the hey. Hannibal: How are you doing, Murdock? Murdock: I think there is a tree on my leg.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: [sings] I'm a lumberjack, I'm ok. Sleep all night and then work all day. Wear my clothes just once a year. Smells real bad but I don't care. I'm a lumberjack, that's a fact.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: I'm allergic to bullets. Especially those headed into my direction.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Murdock acts as if he was a crazy boss who is being threatened by some guys] Murdock: Nobody comes in here and threatens me under my own roof. Especially when I'm eating a tuna-fish sandwich.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: You better watch my back. Murdock: Who's gonna watch mine? They walk across the room. Murdock: Face, your back. It's looking good.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: But Hannibal, rules are made to be broken! Hannibal: Noses are also made to be broken, right, Face?
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: The bigger they are, The harder they fall. B.A walks into the room B.A: The bigger they are, the harder they hit!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Commissioner Gordon: I don't know who he is beneath that mask of his, but I know when we need him, and we need him now!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Gosh, if I could just figure out that riddle. Why can't I get it? Batman: Maybe your mind's on that cute little teenager who waved to you on the way across town, eh? Robin: Awww, come on, Batman.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riddler: Did you hear about Greta Garbo? She dreamed one night she sprinkled 6 boxes of grass seed in her hair, and woke up moaning: "I vant to be a lawn!"
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: The joke's on you, Riddler! Robin: When is a donkey spelled with 1 letter?! When it's "U"!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: What do we do, tip off Commissioner Gordon? Batman: No, not on your life, old man. The Penguin and I have a score to settle.
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Celebrity: I'm not a person! I'm just a commodity!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Aunt Harriet: Oh, Alfred! [She faints upon seeing Alfred and the movie star unconcious.]
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chief O'Hara: He's been sprung!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Joker: [laughing] And now people of Gotham City, the moment you have all been waiting for. [Continuously Laughing] The grand finale!; The climax of my performance! The zenith of my career! The unmasking of Batman and Robin the Boy Wonder!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: Egads! What sorcery is this? There was enough paralyzing gas in that cork to keep ordinary men unconscious for hours! Batman: No sorcery! Merely the precaution of a universal antidote pill!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: Wrong, panel! [laughs] A switch, but not electric. As you doubters know, every wrong answer means that we contribute $1.00 to the famous Joker's home for worn out bats!
tv-batman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: I'm afraid you're under arrest, madam. Queenie: Couldn't we talk it over, handsome? Batman: Poor, deluded child!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Poor devil...forced to live in an air-conditioned suit that keeps his body temperature down to 50 degrees below zero! No wonder his mind is warped.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Freeze [after freezing Batman & Robin]: I'm sorry, Batman. I wanted to toy with you a little longer, but that is the way the ice cube crumbles!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [Insisting that he be substituted for a hostage against the strong opposition of Gordon and O'Hara] Sorry, Diamante is the idol of millions of impressionable young lads who look up to him. He must live to inspire the youth of today who will be the men of tomorrow.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Diamente means diamond in Italian.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin:(to Zelda The Great)We've got you bank bandit! [She disappears using a mirror trick.] Robin: Holy Hole in a Doughnut. What happened?
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zelda: Oh, it seems such a waste. They are such handsome creatures. Eivol: Shut up! Zelda: Eivol, Eivol, can I help being a woman? Eivol: Shut up, I said!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Suspended in a straightjacket over a...holy birthday cake! Batman: That's right. Robin: My last birthday. You took me to see her. We even met her backstage. Batman: Zelda the Great.
tv-batman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Zelda: Some other lifetime, Batman? Batman: Perhaps, some other lifetime. [Zelda continues to shed tears as Batman cuffs her.]
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mousey: Gee, I've never met royalty before! It's pretty thrilling! Riddler: Royalty? You've never met royalty? And just whom do you think stands before you, my cherub? I am The Prince Of Puzzlers, The Count Of Conundrums, The King Of Crime! I hold court here, no one else!!!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riddler: So many people have tried...The Penguin, Mr. Freeze, The Joker, all masters of their craft, granted, but I, only I have succeeded in ridding Gotham's criminal kingdom of The Dynamic Duo!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riddler [reading]: "What squeals louder than a caught rat?" [thinks, reads again] "Answer: several caught...rat...s." I've...been...outriddled!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: (to Mousey) I'll never understand why you girls get involved in these things. Mousey: Kicks, I guess. Been looking for them ever since I dropped out of high school. But I'm sort of glad they didn't do you in! Batman: Yes. Thank you.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henchman: Many others have tried killing Batman. Mad Hatter: Many others do not have the lethal equipment of my hat factory.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Well, I'm used to seeing you do the impossible, but getting out of that plaster tomb was impossible! Batman: Much easier than it seemed, Robin, I simply held my breath. Robin: Holy Frogman!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: The police department is on its toes. Six more kidnappings.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Joker: Hello, kiddies! A-meet the Joker!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Holy Benedict Arnold-Susie! Chief cheerleader, a member of The Joker's criminal gang!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: [laughing] Have a sneeze on me, Batman! [Joker administers sneezing powder upon Batman, which has no effect.] Batman: No use, Joker! I knew you'd employ your sneezing powder, so I took an Anti-Allergy Pill! Instead of a sneeze, I've caught you cold!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	False Face: The Express will be here inside of five minutes, Batman. Inside of six, no more Batman! Robin: Fiend!! Batman: False Face, you'll regret this!......eventually.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chief O'Hara: Commissioner, there's only one man living who can unmask False Face. [They glance at the Batphone.] Commissioner Gordon: Chief O'Hara, you've spoken for all of us. Our only hope is that tower of power for right and justice, the Caped Crusader!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	False Face: What? Is it possible? Batman: Not only possible, but true. False Face: Please! Not that word. Robin: We've turned your own tricky tables on you, False Face, via a false vault! False Face: I'm never outturned until the last turn, Boy Wonder! [They start fighting.]
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Radio Announcer: To the friends of Batman: "Many are called, but two are chosen. Be receptive."
tv-batman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: You feline devil. What have you done with Robin? Catwoman: Is that any way to greet an old friend? Not even a hello, how are you?
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Catwoman is about to feed Robin to a tiger.] Robin: Catwoman, you are not a nice person.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Great Scott, Alfred! Have you forgotten? Batman told you to switch cigarette holders with the Penguin! You're meant to palm off the trick one with the tiny super-powered transmitter inside! Quick, before it's too late! Create that diversion!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Penguin: Back from the grave, you tricksters, eh?! Robin: Back to send you on a honeymoon cruise, Penguin...up the river to the pen! Batman: "Gone straight," huh?! Robin: We'll straighten YOU out!!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Why did you steal that book on the lost treasure of the Incas? Riddler: For two people about to become human candles, you ask a lot of questions! Batman: I'm always interested in the way of the criminal mind.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Moth: Oh, Batman, honey, Moth has learned her lesson, really she has. Crime doesn't pay! Batman: Unfortunately you've learned your lesson too late, Moth. A moth who flies around candles is liable to get burned.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riddler [as he is led away in handcuffs]: Batman! You may have won the battle, but the war isn't over yet!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Batman and Robin are on a golf course in the Batmobile.] Robin: Let's get going and make an emergency bat-turn! Batman: Not this time, old chum. Have to think of the golfers. The retro-rockets would burn up the course for a hundred yards.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henchman #1: Hey boss, hey boss, boss, boss, boss, look, look, look, they're up in the chimney! Joker: I know that you fool! Henchman #1: Well how'd they get up there? Joker: [Sarcastically] They took the elevator, what do you think!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: How far did you say that room was underground? Batman: About 50 feet. Enough to give us good momentum. Robin: Oh boy, I'll say. Can I go first? I want to see their faces. Batman: [Holding Robin back] Dynamic seniority.
tv-batman	food	tv-quote	general	0	King Tut: [to Nefertiti] How many times must I tell you?! Queens consume nectar and ambrosia, not hot dogs!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Human mechanisms are made by human hands, Robin. None of them is infallible. It is a lesson which must be faced.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [about Lydia Limpet] Gosh, Batman, those look like honest eyes. Batman: Never trust the old chestnut, "Crooks have beady little eyes". It's false.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Don't interrupt! I'm trying to fathom the sub-conscience of a deadly criminal!
tv-batman	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Holy molars! Am I ever glad I take good care of my teeth! Batman: True. You owe your life to dental hygiene.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riddler: [holding up Van Jones] Mr. Van Jones, why are you like a clock at midnight? Answer: because both your hands are goin' straight up right now!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [about to cross the street] Remember Robin, always look both ways.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Miss Kitka: When I close my eyes, I imagine a world at peace. Bruce: That's strange... when I close my eyes, I imagine something quite astonishingly different.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: A giant cake of foam rubber! What are the chances? Batman: I'd say the odds against it would make even the most reckless gambler cringe!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Some days, you just can't get rid of a bomb!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan A. Dale: I like that cape, Batman. Very chic.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Remember the Boy Scouts' motto. Robin: 'Be prepared'. Batman: It would do well to keep that in mind at all times.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catwoman: I'm not just pussyfooting around this time, Batman!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Holy oleo! Catwoman: I didn't know you could yodel.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: You can't get away from Batman that easy! Batman: Easily. Robin: Easily. Batman: Good grammar is essential, Robin. Robin: Thank you. Batman: You're welcome.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin [as he and Batman are spun around on the rotating spit]: Is this it, Batman? Is this the end?? Batman: If it is...let's not lose our dignity!
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: But what is it? Batman: Saribus Sacer. A species of ancient Egyptian beetle, sacred to the Sun God, Hymeopolos. And from which the term scarab is derived. But, you should know that, Robin, if you are up on your studies of Egyptology. Robin: You're right.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: I know. Hieroglyphics self-taught are a chore, Robin; but, it is a surefire way to unravel the secrets of the ancient mystics.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Experience teaches slowly, Robin. And at a cost of many mistakes.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Chief O'Hara leads away King Tut, who is back in his persona of Professor McElroy] King Tut: I'm a professor at Yale! You can't-! The PTA shall hear of this!....
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Ma Parker's girl is more dangerous than her three boys. Robin: Her legs sort of reminded me of Catwoman's. Batman: You're growing up, Robin. Remember, in crime-fighting always keep your sights raised.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clock King: Some people kill time, but this time, time is going to kill you!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: I AM a little hungry. Batman: Of course, Robin. Even crime-fighters must eat. And especially you. You're a growing boy and you need your nutrition.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henchman: You've done what nobody else could have done. You've finished off Batman and Robin. [followed by applause] Clock King: Thank you. I deserve it, of course, but I thank you.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clock King: No! It can't be true! You're dead! You have to be dead! Robin: Maybe we're living on borrowed time! Batman: But now, it's round-up time!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Prepare yourself for an eggs-peditious defeat! Batman: Very apt, Robin. Robin: Oh. Glad you liked it.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Egghead: Woe is me. My criminal career is now eggstinct! Batman: Foolish, evil man! Robin: You're going to go where all the broken eggshells end up: in the garbage!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Holy Metronome! What a fatepunched into player-piano rolls! Batman: True, Robin, scarcely an end I'd rather anticipate! Lifea cupful of surprises to the last drop!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Self-control is sure tough sometimes, Batman! Batman: All virtues are, old chum. Indeed, that's why they're virtues.
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Penguin: [to his election crew] Plenty of girls and bands and slogans and lots of hoopla, but remember, no politics. Issues confuse people!
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Penguin: That Batman won't garner enough votes to become elected dogcatcher!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [to Batman, after falling in, but surviving, the sulphuric acid deathtrap] Good thing we just got these new acid-proof suits, Batman!
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [to an offer from the Democratic National Committee] But I thought you already had a candidate for 1968.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Gosh Batman, dig those flavors; Lemon-Lime, Orange, Raspberry, Pineapple... Mr. Freeze: Pick your choice, Boy Wonder!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Freeze [recurring line]: Wild!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Tarnished reputations are unfortunate, Robin. We can live with those. However, a threat to all of Gotham City is something else.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cornelia: It's a cool pad, Joker. Joker: Huh, all you've seen of this cool pad, Cornelia, is that mirror. Vanity is a waste of time. I never look at myself. Cornelia: Well I'm younger, Joker, and a girl; and it is a cool pad. Joker: Well, it will do for the purpose.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: And if you want to pollute any more water, you'll find plenty where you're going up the river!!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Watch out, Batman! The powers of darkness lurk in this room!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [to Marsha] Batman's never rude to a lady. But you're no lady.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Marsha wanted to marry Batman in order to get into the Batcave, but some friends come to save him.] Batman: An older head can't be put on younger shoulders.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shame: I'll tell the world you died with your Bat-boots on! [laughs maniacally]
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Shame on you, Shame!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: But he knows that we know about his hideout there! Batman: Correct! However, knowing that, he'd think that we'd think he would not return there, therefore he did and so will we! Robin: Holy Bat Logic.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shame: I knew he'd think I'd think he'd think I'd think he'd come back here.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [to Robin] When you get a little older, you'll see how easy it is to become lured by the female of the species.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Puzzler: When you reach 20,000 feet, an automatic mechanism will release the basket from the balloon, and you both will reaffirm Newton's law of universal gravitation - back down 20,000 feet! Robin: I'll bet even Shakespeare didn't have words for such villainy!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ramjet [to Batman and Robin, who are in Puzzler's hot-air balloon trap]: Hey, you guys want some gum? Puzzler: Really, Ramjet! Ramjet: That's what they give you in the airlines before you take off.
tv-batman	life	quip	general	0	Sandman: It's naptime for both of you!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Mad Hatter: This phase of my career will never be over, until I have The Caped Crusader's cowl safely in my custody!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mad Hatter: Who made Batman and Robin famous crime fighters? Criminals, that's who. If you want to show a little respect to the departed, stay crooked! That's the least you can do.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Venus: What's inside, Joker? $2000 is a lot of money! Joker: Ah, this merchandise is WORTH $2000!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Penguin pops out of the box.] Penguin: It's worth $200,000, you cheapskate! At least you could have sent me a plane ticket!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Venus seemed like a nice girl in that costume. Batman: I suspect she is a nice girl down deep, but she's fallen in with bad companions. And who knows what her home life was like?
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Catwoman, I find you to be odious, abhorrent and egregious. Catwoman: A dealing with you is expanding my vocabulary... erm... a whole lot.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catwoman: Robin? Robin: Yeah? Catwoman: Slay the blue dragon. Robin: Groovy. Batman: Oh, no. Robin: Oh, yes.
tv-batman	society	tv-quote	general	0	O'Hara: What she (Pussycat) needs is a good slap on the wrist. Gordon: That's enough. You know I'm violently opposed to police brutality.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: The green button will turn the car a la izquierda o a la derecha. Robin: To the left or right. Threw in a little Spanish on me, huh, Batman? Batman: One should always keep abreast of foreign tongues, Robin.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Chief O'Hara, may I have the keys to your patrol car? Chief O'Hara: ...are you insured? Comissioner Gordon: Give him the keys, O'Hara! Chief O'Hara: Yes, sir.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [after cracking a safe] It's not difficult, if you have steady nerves and a good ear. Quality is destroyed by the tenor of criminal life.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Down: [after successfully robbing a flooded band and escaping the dynamic duo] Worked like a charm, Riddler! Riddler: Why not? There's a difference between a batman and a frogman!! One quick stop and then lets go dry our money!!!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Only The Riddler and his ilk would have such a flagrant disregard for private property! This door will have to be repaired.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: I always imagined it would end differently, but yet less ignominiously. To drown in my own anniversary cake!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riddler: How can you LAMEBRAINS play CARDS at a time like this?!!!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: We who laugh and run away, live to laugh another day!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [(After Bruce explains how his ventriloquism skills allowed Alfred to imitate his voice)] Gosh, yes, I should have thought of that. Bruce: Ah, don't blame yourself, Robin. It's sometimes difficult to think clearly when you're strapped to a printing press.
tv-batman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Catwoman: I could give you more happiness than anyone in the world. Batman: How do you propose to do that? Catwoman: By being your partner in life, I mean it's me and you against the world. Batman: What about Robin? Catwoman: Hmmm. . . I know. We'll kill him.
tv-batman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [After Catwoman has just tried, unsuccessfully, to lure Batman with her feminine charms] Good job. That love stuff doesn't work on me - I'm way too young for that sort of thing!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kato: Kung fu is kung fu- it's not child's play.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: That's one trouble with dual identities, Robin. Dual responsibilities.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Britt Reid: [aka the Green Hornet, referring to Batman] I wouldn't be caught dead in that crazy cowl of his.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kato: I'm glad those guys are on our side even though they don't know it.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Good thing those guys aren't here every week!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	King Tut: If the Caped Crumb is here, the cowled creep can't be far behind.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	King Tut: It isn't that I love you any less, Batman. Simply that I love me more.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	King Tut: When we get to the Royal Oil Boiling Room, be sure to prepare some real boiling royal boiling oil to boil the Boy Wonder in. Royally.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Would you like to come in for a glass of milk and cookies? Bruce: I'm afraid it's rather late. Why, it's 10:30!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [to Black Widow] I never touch spirits. Have you some milk?
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: That's terrible. It looks like it was made by a 3-year old. Here. Let me show you. Bruce Wayne: (After Joker works with clay). Yes. I see what you mean. That looks very much like the work of a 3 year old. Joker: I'll do the jokes around here, Wayne!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: Where's Bruce Wayne? Alfred: Mr. Wayne is not at home, sir. Joker: Too bad. I'll get my revenge later. Right now, I'll settle for cash. Where's the safe? Alfred: My duties do not include aiding and abetting thievery.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [to Carpet King] You must be that gentleman I've read about. Aren't you a king or something? Batman: Robin, England has no king now. England has a queen, and a great lady she is, too.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: To the batcave? Batman: And up the batpoles. Robin: The batpoles? Batman: Even crimefighters need their sleep, Robin.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Picked up the seal pulsator yet, Batman? Batman: We're still over land, Robin, and a seal is an aquatic, marine mammal. Robin: Gosh, yes, Batman, I forgot.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Where'd you get a live fish, Batman? Batman: The true crimefighter always carries everything he needs in his utility belt, Robin
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Penguin: I don't know whether to call him "daddy" or just Commissioner. [Batman and Robin arrive] Batman: If I were you, Penguin, I'd call help right now! Robin: When we get through with you, Penguin, you'll be hollering "uncle" instead of "daddy"!
tv-batman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Batman, maybe I should stay home tonight. Homework, you know. Batman: I think you should acquire a taste for opera, Robin, as one does for poetry and olives.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batgirl: What's up your sleeve this time? Riddler: Up my sleeve, Batgirl? Riddle me once: what's most alluring when it's highest or lowest; when it's in the air or in a hole; when it's served you, yet you can't touch it? An enchanting ace!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Dynamic Duo re-enter the Batmobile and discover that they have been glued to the seats, thanks to Penguin] Robin: Holy mucilage!! Batman: Things...are..about...to...get...stickier, Robin.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Go back outside and calm the flower children. Robin: They'll mob me! Batman: Groovy.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Egghead: Never mind the pastrami. Chief O'Hara would like to have half a dozen eggs. Chief O'Hara: Why you. . . Egghead: Now! One hand on me and you'll never see your dear commissioner again, Chief. Chief O'Hara: You win Egghead. Egghead: Now how did you say you liked your eggs?
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Too many Bessarovian Cossacks around here, Robin. If I'd joined you in the fight, some of them may have been injured.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [about Batgirl] She's gone again! For once, Batman, let's follow her. Batman: No, Robin. With my head sticking out of this neosaurus costume, I might not appear like an ordinary, run of the mill crime fighter.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: Then, after I've gotten rid of Batman and Robin for good, I will rule the waves. Me, the Joker, king of the surf and all the surfers. Then, Gotham City! Later, the world!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: Let's go! Batman: Not you, Robin. They have strict licensing laws in this country. A boy of your age is not allowed in a drinking tavern.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: You're far from mod, Robin. And many hippies are older than you are.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Superintendent Watson: Well, I think this calls for a cup of char at venerable Ireland Yard. Robin: Char? Batman: Yes, Robin, a colloquialism for tea.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batgirl: And you, Catwoman are an even bigger fool than even I thought you were. We, who enforce the law, would gladly give our lives for it Catwoman: Gag her. Heroines are to be seen, not heard.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: If we close our eyes, we can't see anything. Batman: A sound observation, Robin.
tv-batman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Olga: [to Egghead] You are a heartless, hairless man. I am liking you more and more.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gordon: I'm sure they won't find caviar on the menu at Gotham State Prison. Batman: Probably not, but they will get a well-balanced diet thanks to Warden Crichton's emphasis on proper nutrition.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: What took you so long, Batgirl? Batgirl: Rush hour traffic, plus all the lights were against me. And you wouldn't want me to speed, would you? Robin: Your good driving habits almost cost us our lives! Batman: Rules are rules, Robin. But you do have a point.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Cattail Lane and Nine Lives Alley. The Grimalkin Novelty Company is on that corner. Robin: Grimalkin? What kind of a name is that? Batman: An obscure but nevertheless acceptable synonym for cat, Robin.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: How about rushing the place, Batman? Batman: Shh. I think not, Robin. All they've done so far is stolen a few items, attempted to kill you, me, and Batgirl. No, I think they plan something really big.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nora: [regarding Batgirl] Oh yes! I forgot about her. With a woman helping them, the Dynamic Duo could give us some trouble...
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nora: [holding a sharp pin to Batgirl's neck] Alright girls, let's tie the Terrific Trio - into Terrific Siamese Human Knots.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Penguin: You used a foul trick to murder those innocent fruit flies! Batman: You murdered them, Penguin...when you let them out!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Calamity Jan: [After Chief Standing Pat takes a puff from his cigar] That's how he talks. He said "It's a honor to meet you and I look forward to working with you." Shame: You got all that with one puff? Calamity Jan: He talks in shorthand.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fred: Your lack of coherence is exceeded only by your penchant for gibberish. Shame: Why thank you kindly, Fred. That's awful nice of you to say.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shame: When the big hand is on the 12 and the little hand is on the 11, that would be... Calamity Jan: Eleven o'clock, Shame honey. Shame: Eleven o'clock, Shame honey...doggone it, I know!
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: ...it shouldn't take us more than three minutes to run the mile. Robin: Gosh, Batman, that's a new world's record. Batman: Breaking world's records is just part of crime fighting, Robin.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: It is the duty of every good citizen of Gotham City to report meeting a man from Mars in a public park.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: I wanted to rule the world from Mars! I like the looks of that place! [Batman and Robin suddenly appear] Batman: Yes, I think you'd be more comfortable there at the moment, Joker.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Robin looks at Batgirl.] Robin: You know something, Batman? Batman: What's that, Robin? Robin: She looks very pretty when she's asleep. Batman: I thought you might eventually notice that. That single statement indicates to me the first oncoming thrust of manhood, old chum.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gordon: Batman, you unscrambled that safe's combination in three seconds flat! How did you do it? Batman: With my Three-Seconds-Flat-Bat-Combination-Unscrambler, Commissioner.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: What happened to Batgirl?! Batman: Who knows, Robin? Who ever knows? [The last original scene of the series]
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: I guess you can never trust a woman. Batman: You've made a hasty generalization, Robin. It's a bad habit to get into.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: That's an impossible shot, Batman. Batman: That's a negative attitude, Robin.
tv-batman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: That's life, Robin, full of ups and downs. It ill befits any of us to become too confident.
tv-batman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: We better hurry, Batman. Batman: Not too fast, Robin. In good bat-climbing, as in good driving, one must never sacrifice safety for speed. Robin: Right again, Batman.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Red Claw? A woman??? Red Claw: Do you have a problem with that, Batman? Batman: Not at all. I'm an equal opportunity crime fighter!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Red Claw: You've finally met your match, Batman! Not surprising it's a woman!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Thomas Wayne: (Hallucination) You are a disgrace!! Batman: No. You are not my father. I am not a disgrace! I am vengeance. I am the night! I - am - BATMAN!!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bruce Wayne: Roland Daggett's up to something, Alfred. Alfred: That almost goes without saying, doesn't it, sir?
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mayor Hill: Oh! Good morning, um... Fugate: Fugate. Temple Fugate. I should think you remember the name by now, councillor. We've only been taking the same train every day for one year, seven months and thirteen days. Hill: Oh, right! The efficiency expert.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Justice will be served, Joker. Joker: Service with a smile? [He tosses a razor card at Batman. Batman dodges it just in time.] Batman: Clean up your act, Joker. Joker: Oh, that's a joke, right? Batman finally told a joke!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rupert Thorne: All men have something to hide. The brighter the picture, the darker the negative.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: I still believe that somewhere inside that monster is my old friend. Alfred: That may make him even more dangerous.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sherman's Mom: You're not trying to make gunpowder again, are you? Sherman: No, Mom! Honest! Roberta: We just saved Batman's life, Mrs. Grant, and now we're hiding him from some bad criminals. Mom: That's good, just don't make a mess.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killer Croc: Terrific. Just what i need now. The freak job in the cape. Batman: You're no prize yourself.
tv-batman-tas	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Nostromos: I predict... you and I are about to become rich as pigs!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bruce: What is this? Smith: If it's moving, it's a rat. If it isn't, it's a cooked rat.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mad Hatter: I'll cut that cowl off your neck before you take her! I've waited my whole lonely life for her! Batman: Then all you've waited for is a puppet. A soulless little doll. Mad Hatter: It didn't have to be this way! You made me do this to her!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Commissioner Gordon: Look up "slippery" in the dictionary and you get Josiah Wormwood.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: (About the Bat-Signal) Got a new toy, I see. Gordon: I figured it might come in handy.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mad Hatter: Are you the dreamer, or merely part of somebody else's dream? That's just the question Tweedle-Dee put to Alice in Through the Looking- Bruce: This isn't some silly storybook!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: WHY? Why did you do it?! Mad Hatter: You, of all people, have the gall to ask me that? You ruined my life! I was willing to give you whatever life you wanted, JUST TO KEEP YOU OUT OF MINE!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: I don't pass sentence. That's for the courts to decide. But this time -- this time -- I am sorely tempted to do the job myself!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Sewer King: Lesson number one is......NOOOOO TAAAALKING!!!!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kyodai Ken: [Throwing Bruce] Don't be depressed, Wayne-san. You're not bad for a rich man's pampered son. Sensei: [Leaps across room and throws Kyodai] There's always someone better, Kyodai.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: His name is Kyodai Ken. He was good. Robin: Yeah? How good? Batman: (Quickly) Good. Robin: I see.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Strange: We will continue tomorrow, yes? Bruce: I'll... have to think about it. Good day, doc. (Leaves) Strange: (Quietly) And good day to you... Batman.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Strange: Joker, please! I was set up! Bruce Wayne is Batman! Two-Face: That's absurd! I know Bruce Wayne. If he's Batman, I'm the King of England! Joker: And people say I'M CRAZY!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Garth: The doctor doesn't take kindly to uninvited guests. (Grabs Batman) Dorian: Garth! Bring him down here! (Batman drags Garth through the skylight) Well, that's one way to do it.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scarecrow: An entire city, screaming in fear... I wonder if we'll be able to hear it...
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the launch of the Gray Ghost videos] Bruce: As a kid, I used to watch you with my father. The Gray Ghost was my hero. Gray Ghost: Really... Bruce: And he still is.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Selina Kyle: Don't tell me you're my very own private probation officer. How often would you like me to check in?
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Sometimes, old friend, I wonder if I'm really doing any good out there. Alfred: How can you doubt it? The lives you've saved, the criminals you've brought to justice- Batman: I've put out a few fires, yes. But the war goes on, Alfred. On and on...
tv-batman-tas	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Anthony Romulus (After a wolf howls, Anthony starts transforming) Ohhh, you fool! There's no telling what the werewolf might do. Professor Milo Hey! Ask me if I care.
tv-batman-tas	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Reports of a huge bat creature the size of a man. Remind you of anybody? Alfred: Present company excluded?
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alfred: [After learning about the AI project] Sounds as if the human race could become quite expendable, except for butlers, of course. Batman: Of course.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Randa: You have immobilized the maker. HARDAC: His human imperfection endangers the plan. He must be improved upon.
tv-batman-tas	tech	tv-quote	general	0	HARDAC: The maker's concept was sound, but he did not go far enough - which is why I have taken over.
tv-batman-tas	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Edward Nygma: (Being cheated out of the sales of his game) You are a fool, Mockridge, to think you can get away with this! Your amoral greed is no match for an intellect like mine! Mockridge: Oh, yeah? Then tell me something, Eddie: if you're so smart, why aren't you rich?
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Talia: My contact lenses! I lost them when we fell! They counter the distortion effect. Without them, I'm as helpless as you. Batman: I don't do helpless.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ra's al Ghul: So even in defeat, the detective manages to achieve some small measure of victory. As you said, detective: this is not over.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alfred: (Seeing Batman with a Joker Fish) Dining in tonight, sir? Batman: (Sighs) The dissection tray, please, Alfred...
tv-batman-tas	society	tv-quote	general	0	Poison Ivy: No man can take us prisoner! (Her tire suddenly blows out, forcing their car off the road) Renee Montoya: (Holding a shotgun) Alright, ladies. Raise 'em.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin : What's Bugging You? Batman: He Seemed upset somthing is just not right
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Penguin's limo Passed By] Robin : it's the penguin! Batman: Hang on! Shieldrake: here they come Joker: Without Batman, crime has no punchline.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zatanna: What do you care about some leggy dame in nylons- or have I just answered my own question?
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zatanna (About Batman's mask) What happened that made you put this on? Batman: A painful memory, and a promise.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: [At the top of a building] All right, scumbucket. It's you, me and thirty stories. You're gonna tell me exactly what I want to know.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: If you protect him, Stromwell, I'll be very...grumpy. You don't want to see me when I'm grumpy.
tv-batman-tas	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tony Zucco: I'm not back in town five minutes - five minutes - and he's on my tail. You don't know the Bat. He don't let up! He's the dark angel of death, man, and he wants me! Mick: ... Why you, boss? Tony Zucco: HOW SHOULD I KNOW?!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Wherever you go, I'll be right behind you. Penguin: Precisely where you belong.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: He wasn't with them? Penguin: That's right, you vulgar vigilante! In my day, I associated with a much higher class of riff-raff!
tv-batman-tas	life	quip	general	0	Penguin: Your aim appears to be a little off today, Batman. I don't think you could hit the broad side of a barn, let alone the broad side of this bird! You're blind as a bat. Sightless and helpless. Batman: You've got one right.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Batman swoops away after rescuing his Sensei's student, Kairi] Kairi: [In Japanese] Spirit of the bat...
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd Ventrix: See you 'round, Batman! Too bad you can't say the same!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Ventrix, the suit! It's poison! Ventrix: So what if it is?! I don't care! As long as I have it, I can take my daughter back whenever I want! Her mother won't stop me, AND NEITHER WILL YOU!
tv-batman-tas	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ra's al Ghul: As Napoleon told me, "A strong will can fuel a frail physique."
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: And if I tell? Scarface: Maybe you just get run over by a truck.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Barbara Gordon: So Batman can't help me? Fine. Let's see what Batgirl can do!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Two-Face: Don't get wise with me, Mason. Remember who got you set up as Gordon's assistant? Gil Mason: Right, Harvey, right. Two-Face: [grabs him] Don't call me that! It's Two-Face to you, pretty boy!!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clayface: [After civilians flee in terror upon seeing his true form] That's right, run! Run for your measly lives! Run from Clayface!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clayface: You've upstaged me for the last time, Batman. Time to bring down the curtain!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Veronica: If ever someone led a worry-free life, it's you, Bruce Wayne.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mad Hatter: (preparing a guillotine) As the great Lewis Carroll said: "One, two, one, two, and through and through the vorpal blade went snicker-snack! He left it dead, and with its head, he went galumphing back!"
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Thorne: You think you iced the Batman, huh? Heh heh heh... Not on your best day, Jake! I'd cover my back if I were you.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: She's done nothing more incriminating than return an overdue video - even paid the late fee. Alfred: Could it be Ivy truly has reformed? Batman: I want to believe it. Why can't I?
tv-batman-tas	family	tv-quote	general	0	Poison Ivy: I really did want a family Batman, I just wanted one on my terms.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy: Why Croc? Why'd you turn on us like that? We couldv'e helped you. We could've done something. Killer Croc: You said you could be yourself out here remember? Well, I guess that's what I was doing. Being myself.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bruce: You've got a serious priority problem, Ra's. What can be in that tomb that's more valuable than the love of your daughter? Ra's Al Ghul: Power, detective.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Two-Face: Basic fifty-fifty option. You get him off, you both go free. He goes down, you take the fall with him. Hatter: Amusing idea, what? Kidnapping you to be Batman's attorney? Two-Face: Personally, I suggested a quick slug between the eyes... but I lost the coin toss.
tv-batman-tas	society	tv-quote	general	0	Scarface: Our prosecutor is ready, likewise our fair and impartial jury. Hatter: Hang him! Harley: Shoot him! Killer Croc: Hit him with a rock! Scarface: And now, all rise for the most honorable, most benevolent, most merciful Judge Joker! Joker: GUILTY!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Thorne: You almost didn't get paid. You're lucky these diamonds didn't get nabbed in the smuggling bust. Bane: No, Mr. Thorne. You are the lucky one. (He punches the punching bag across the room)
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bane: Toys. You try to fight me with pathetic little toys. You've got nothing! Beg for mercy! SCREAM MY NAME! Batman: Never. Bane: You are beaten! Now I will break you!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: You're your own worst enemy, Harvey. Two-Face: No - I'm your worst enemy.
tv-batman-tas	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: [Watching episodes of Baby Doll's old TV show] You remember when Poison Ivy had us tangled up in those vines? The ones with the REALLY big thorns? Batman: Yes. Robin:[Gestures at TV] This is worse.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gangster: Any last words? Harley: Just one.. BABIES! (Bud and Lou rushed to save their mistress) Play nice with your new chew toy.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dispatcher: Disturbance reported at the top of the Crown restaurant. Suspect is a male costumed extremist armed with what appears to be a... ketchup gun. Batman: It's going to be one of those nights.
tv-batman-tas	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Catwoman: Bats are just mice with wings, little girl.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Men like Walker are obsessed with getting their own way. And they don't let little things like the law stop them.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Warren: Is this all you do for kicks, Bruce? Charity work? Bruce: Well, I do have a night life.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Batman: Scoundrels like these are worse than the Joker. At least he's got madness as an excuse!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catwoman: What a pleasant surprise. Though I should warn you - breaking and entering is against the law. Batman: You should know.
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Scarface: I thawt I thaw a putty tat!
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alfred: We are speaking of the same person, are we not? Harvey Bullock? The detective who looks like an unmade bed?
tv-batman-tas	life	tv-quote	general	0	Montoya: Bullock? You okay? You don't look so good. I mean, you never look good, but today you look worse.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: [to Liz] I like you. You have the boldness of a much younger woman.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: So, how you doing over there, Theo Huxtable? Toofer: I'm doing good. Tracy: Nah-uh. Superman does good; you're doing well. You need to study your grammar, son. [Tracy leaves the room.] Frank: [to Toofer] Wow, that was embarrassing for you.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Dress every day like you're going to get murdered in those clothes.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: So, first you thought he was illiterate and now you think he's lazy? Liz, you are racist. Liz: No, Tracy took advantage of my white guilt, which is supposed to be used only for good, like over-tipping and supporting Barack Obama.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Whenever I have a problem, I tackle it head on. A year ago I was an inch and a half shorter. Sheer willpower.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I need to protect my reputation. You take away my street cred, and I am Wayne Brady. Liz: Nuh-uh. Wayne Brady has three Emmys. You have a People's Choice Award that you stole from Wayne Brady.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Why are you wearing a tux? Jack: It's after six. What am I, a farmer?
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: What's going on, business got ya down? Jack: Business doesn't get me down, business gets me off.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: This is untoward! This is not toward!
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I'm gonna make you a mix tape. You like Phil Collins? Jack: I've got two ears and a heart, don't I?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: You've already made up your mind about this, haven't you? Jenna: Oh, you're right, Liz! I should go for it! Liz: You're not even listening, are you? Poop. Monkey butt. Jenna: No, you're a good friend and thank you.
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Lemon, I want to thank you. For showing me that I could have a pleasant evening with a woman my age. Liz: I'm 12 years younger than you. Jack: A woman your age then.
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I had lunch with Martha Stewart and "dinner" with her daughter Alexis. Liz: Gross.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Josh: Cerie said she would do it with you. Kenneth: Well that just makes me perspire.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Floyd: I work up in Legal, and - Liz: [interrupting] You're a lawyer? Floyd: I prefer... Law Stylist
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I've asked Tracy to join me at G.E. Golf tournament in Connecticut. Liz: Was Courtney Love not available?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	[looking at a basket of kittens] Liz: Oh...Look at theeese guuuys Cat Wrangler: They like you. They're very good as sensing debilitating loneliness in a person. Do you wanna adopt one? Liz: I can't, I'm allergic to anything warm and adorable.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[attempting to explain the word used to insult her] Liz: It rhymes with your favorite Todd Rundgren album. Frank: It rhymes with Hermit of Mink Hollow?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dot Com: Yo, Kenneth, we need to talk now. Kenneth: Oh, I've had this conversation before. You're marrying my mom, aren't you?
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Second of all, if the president is so serious about the war on terror, why doesn't he hunt down and capture Barack Obama before he strikes again? It's time for a change, America. That's why I'm voting for Osama in 2008.
tv-30rock	family	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: If you get rich off this stuff, just take care of my family. I don't want my kids to have to go to college.
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: That's where Donaghy Estates comes in. Now as you may have read in Robert Parker's Wine Newsletter, "Donaghy Estates tastes like the urine of Satan after a hefty portion of asparagus."
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Wow. The manatee becomes the Mento.
tv-30rock	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: So what's your religion, Liz Lemon? Liz: I pretty much just do whatever Oprah tells me to.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I believe that the moon does not exist. I believe that vampires are the world's greatest golfers but their curse is they never get a chance to prove it. I believe that there are 31 letters in the white alphabet. Wait... what was the question?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Liz enters a room and stands behind Jack] Jack: You've been avoiding me, Lemon. Liz: How do you do that without turning around? Jack: To be perfectly honest, the first couple of people I did that to were not you, but... here we are.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I'm not a creative type like you, with your work sneakers and left-handedness.
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Phoebe: You know how John Lennon was better than all the rest of the Beatles but he never realized it until he met Yoko? Well I'm gonna be Jack's Yoko! Liz: You want to be Yoko?!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Floyd: If the whole world moved to their favorite vacation spots, then the whole world would live in Hawaii and Italy and Cleveland.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Colleen: [referring to Phoebe] All right, scout's honor, what do you think of her? [Jack gives Liz a look] Liz: She's very well-read... and she's very stylish, don't you think? And you know the most important thing is she makes Jack very happy. She's like a... white geisha.
tv-30rock	family	tv-quote	general	0	Colleen: Tell him his mother's here! ...And she loves him! ...But not in a queer way!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: You've got to get back to work and come up with something with or without Tracy, or we are gonna be screwed. Liz: Okay. Jack: Maybe this is the drugs talking, but I think I got Nixon to agree to come on the show and say "Sock It To Me."
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: I'm telling you, this is my year. I feel like the show's going to be great and I'm very positive that I'm going to meet someone else. Jack: Women your age are more likely to be mauled at the zoo than get married.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: I like your top. I'm a real good sex person. I do it all the different ways. Angie: Uh-huh. Well, I don't have a husband any more, so... you can come over anytime. Kenneth: Oh, I will! I'll come over at night.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I'm whipped! Angie got me up at 7:30 today. Did you know that in the morning, they have food, TV, almost everything. It's pretty good.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Lemon, I'm impressed. You're beginning to think like a businessman. Liz: A businesswoman. Jack: I don't think that's a word.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: So what are you gonna do with your money? Put it into a 401(k)? Liz: Yeah, I gotta get one of those. Jack: What?! Where do you invest your money, Lemon? Liz: I've got like twelve grand in checking. Jack: Are you an immigrant?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Never go with a hippie to a second location.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Look how Greenzo's testing! They love him in every demographic: colored people, broads, fairies, commies. Gosh, we gotta update these forms.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: What are you doing in Harlem? C.C.: Oh I'm working out of the Clinton offices for a few weeks. I'm helping Hillary retool her universal healthcare platform. Jack: God, I want to kiss you on the mouth to stop you from saying such ridiculous things.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: I'm 37, please don't make me go to Brooklyn. Jaime: I'm 20. Liz: Oh, boy. This just went from a senior dating a freshman to Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau. Jaime: Are those friends of yours, or ...?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Lemon, what happened? Did you take an Ambien with your Franzia and sleepwalk here?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: So how did you two meet...Amber Alert?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I do not want to disappoint our Japanese public, especially Godzilla. Hahaha! I'm just kidding; I know he doesn't care what humans do.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: And finally, I'd like to thank you, Pacific Rimmers, for all that you've given us: karaoke, karate, and most of all... WANIZAME ATAKKU! SHARK ATTACK!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	James Carville: Cajun style.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: [regarding his ankle bracelet alcohol monitoring device] Maybe I'll just compromise: go to the party, cut off my foot and drink all I want!
tv-30rock	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Mother, there are terrorist cells that are more nurturing than you are.
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: [about coffee] I love how it makes me feel. It's like my heart is trying to hug my brain!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	German: The machine is mankind's madness and disfigurement. Industry castrates art. The only honesty is in suicide. Jack: I can't watch any more of these German sitcoms!
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: And Deborah is testing off the charts in the most profitable demographics: Soccer moms, NASCAR dads, white collar pervs and the obese.
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: No, we don't have a crazy..thing Dennis: Yeah we do! We're like Ross and Rachel, but just not gay...
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Oh no sir, I don't vote Republican or Democrat. Choosing is a sin, so I always just write in the Lord's name. Jack: That's Republican. We count those.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Black people, don't vote! Did you know that in the amount of time it takes to vote you could play three games of pool? Three! Now that's fresh.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Hey, nerds! Who's got two thumbs, speaks limited French, and hasn't cried once today? [pointing both thumbs at herself] This moi.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I just need him awake for a few minutes, can't you... inject something directly into his heart? Dr. Spaceman: Oh, I'd like nothing better. Unfortunately, we have no way of knowing where the heart is. See, every human is different.
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: WHERE'S MY MAC AND CHEESE!?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I even stopped to catch a snowflake with my tongue, but apparently that's some signal in Chelsea.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: A drinking contest?!? What am I, 12 and at my boyfriend's frat party?!
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Alcohol? This smells like Hill-people milk. I've been drinking this since I was a baby!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: (looking at her calendar) Ugh... why don't I cross out the days like people in the movies?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: [as water pours from the ceiling] The ceiling appears to be leaking. Cooter: No, it's not. We looked into it and it's not.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Random Congressman at meeting: I can't support that. Dam is a swear word. I'd support it if instead of dam we called it a "god finger".
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: What I'm saying is: don't dress for the job you have, dress for the job you want to have. So now, Manny? Manny: Tomorrow I show up for work, dressed as a Mexican Wrestler.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: This is G.E.! Devon Banks: It's just G now, Jack, I sold the E. To Samsung. They're Samesung now.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: I got rid of all my Colin Firth movies in case they consider them Erotica. Jack: That man can wear a sweater.
tv-30rock	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bev: What was your reason for wanting to adopt? Liz: Thank you, for that question, Bev. The world is a troubled place, and so many children in need of adoption worldwide... Bev: Infertility? or Other. Liz: Other.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Be a white man. Take credit.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: No, listen to me. She's not fun, she's just crazy. Like, grab-a-cop's-gun crazy. Jack: Lemon, having known Claire for a very enjoyable 20 minutes and you for what feels like infinity, I'm going to go with Claire on this one.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: What is wrong with you men? You're like junkies...why can't you just say no? Jack: Lemon, let me explain something to you that you could have no way of knowing: emotionally unstable women are fantastic in the sack and their self-loathing translates into... never mind.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gavin Volure: He's gonna' do it! Gavin Volure's gonna' jump! Jack Donaghy: Don't Gavin! That's gotta be fifteen, sixteen feet!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Jenna, we're the most important people here, right? Jenna: Well, of course, Tracy. We're actors. If we didn't exist how would people know who to vote for?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: We need to get these guys! Don't you know the Postmaster General? Jack: I do, but we had a falling out over the Jerry Garcia stamp. If I wanted to lick a hippie, I'd return Joan Baez's phone calls.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: In the spirit of Christmas and Kwanzo - Liz: Kwanzaa. Tracy: And shalamzazam to you too, my sister.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: They do that a lot in movies: An Affair to Remember, Sleepless in Seattle, and that remake of An Affair to Remember that I was in, A Blaffair to Rememblack.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Ongoing train wreck aside, I love this idea; it's great synergy. By putting a TV actress into the movie world we can promote both. It's like how we're including a Heroes DVD with every missile system we sell.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: [having an idea] I've got it! Tracy: Give it to me! It's mine!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Lemon, this is a part of our problem. I give you a simple managerial suggestion in a professional context and I get back the second half of a Judy Blume novel.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Spaceman: Tracy, I don't know how to say this... de-ay-bah-tees? Tracy: Diabetes? Dr. Spaceman: That's it! Well, now we know what we're dealing with.
tv-30rock	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Elisa: How dare you say such things so close to the statue of Santa Lucia, patron saint of judgmental statues!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: What everyone needs to do is calm down, take a deep breath, and prepare their bodies for the Thunderdome. That is the new law.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Alright everyone, it's back to the drawing board. Legal rejected all of our ideas - every one of the names we came up with was offensive in some language, including English, Frank. Frank: They knew what a Hot Richard was?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: You wake a sleepwalker, you risk getting urinated on. Liz: Or thanked! ...on.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: What happens to us? Liz: We grow up. Jack: I had a good life, but I'll never be that happy again. I want THAT back.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: What is this, Horseville? Because I'm surrounded by naysayers. Wordplay! Liz: That is solid.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: [rapping] My name is Suri Cruise. Put your hands in the air! I came out of the womb With a full head of hair!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Mr. Donaghy, I know you said only interrupt you if was very important, but Tishonda from Time Warner Cable is on the phone, and she's offering three free months of Showtime, but we have to act now!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Kenneth, you know how you told Tracy not to go into your bedroom? Well, naturally we assumed you were a serial killer, and as you can imagine, your bird is dead.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Friendship and trust in the entourage is the most important thing. Like that HBO show, John Adams.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Oh I can play dead; I watched my whole church group get eaten by a bear.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Heavy is the head that eats the crayons.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elisa: I have a terrible secret. Please don't ask me what it is. Liz: I don't want to know what it is! [Pause] Are you a man? Elisa: Really, Lemon? You want to see me naked? Liz: Kind of.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: [about his pig] She went crazy! She bit off my nutsack... that I kept tied around my belt to feed the squirrels.
tv-30rock	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: If I have learned anything from my Sims family: When a child doesn't see his father enough he starts to jump up and down, then his mood level will drop until he pees himself.
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Milton: One month I couldn't pay, so she said maybe there was something else I could give her. So I gave her my radio. Then a couple of weeks later, we got drunk and had sex.
tv-30rock	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Science was my most favorite subject, especially the Old Testament.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Well, musicians have banded together before to solve all kinds of problems: world hunger, the collapse of the American farm, global warming. And, uh, you're 0 for 3, guys.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mary J. Blige (playing herself): I am disappointed in us as a group!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: We'll trick those racecar-loving wide-loads into watching your lefty homoerotic propaganda hour yet!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I like you, Kenneth, but you do not want to mess with me right now. I am in the middle of a RAGING PERIOD... of economic turmoil.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Every division of the company is reaching out to the middle of the country. Our new mammogram machine is called the "Git 'R Done 2000".
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: I did Big Sister in college. That little girl taught me how to use tampons.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: A book hasn't caused me this much trouble since Where's Waldo went to that barber pole factory.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Orange and black decorations? Is this Halloween, or Princeton Parents' weekend? I don't know whether to be scared or proud of my cousin... Kenneth: It's Halloween, sir. Tracy: Proud it is.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Tracy, did you hear? Fred Dawkins, the incredibly overweight guy Pac-man was based off of, died. Tracy: I will eat a bowl of cherries and some ghost meat in his honor.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Good God, Lemon, your breath! When did you find time to eat a diaper you found on the beach?
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: The television audience doesn't want your elitist, east coast, alternative, intellectual, left wing... Liz: Just say Jewish Jack, this is taking forever.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: That's what I'm talking about, empathy. It's about as useless as the Winter Olympics... this February on NBC.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: It's going to be a disaster! Like Katrina! Do you remember Katrina, that crazy girl from hair and make-up?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: He's evil, Tracy! Tracy: He's evil Tracy? Oh, "He's evil" [comma], "Tracy."
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Do I look okay? Cerie: That's exactly how you look.
tv-30rock	family	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Mr. Baker wants to do everything for himself. I feel about as useless as a mom's college degree.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Drama is like gay-man Gatorade. It replenishes their electrolytes.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: What made you change your mind? Jack: Tracy Jr. made you an acrostic. Tracy: Well, I hope he made me an acrosse helmet so I don't get hurt playing acrosse! [seeing Jack's confused stare] Now come on, that's pretty solid for a guy who just came out of an hallucination.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: What have children ever done for us? Kenneth: Well, they make our shoes and wallets.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Moron says what? Devon: What? [Jack snickers and closes the phone] Devon: Moron says what? Jack? ...Jack?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Weird... in a good way. Like going to the gym drunk.
tv-30rock	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Why don't Catholics eat meat on Fridays? I'll tell you why: it's because the Pope owns Long John Silver's.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: No, Jack. You were just talking about how you miss office hookups. That is a double standard. Jack: Calm down. Liz: I won't calm down. Women are allowed to get angrier than men about double standards.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Danny: She has really thin lips, but she makes up for it with tongue girth.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Ugh, I hate January. It's dark and freezing and everyone's wearing bulky coats; you can do some serious subway flirting before you realize the guy is homeless.
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: So what's going on with you and Nancy, anyway? Jack: We're just friends. It's platonic. I have elaborate fantasies of her husband dying in a boat explosion.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Avery: Who is number one in your speed dial? Jack: BlackBerry, Warren Buffett. iPhone, Jimmy Buffet. Avery: Favorite movie? Jack: Tie
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: If I die, my ghost is gonna haunt you! Frank: Then your ghost is going to see some disgusting stuff.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: He built GE into the greatest company on Earth, and the Earth into one of the top three planets in the universe! Tracy: It's like a black barbie doll in Arizona - nobody's buying it!
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Just embrace the fact that you are lucky enough to be a happily married man. I mean, I'm actually jealous of you. You've got stability, a great marriage, devoted kids. You know what I have? A Sims family that keeps getting murdered.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Lemon, the grown-up dating world is like your haircut. Sometimes, awkward triangles occur. Liz: I feel like you've been saving that one.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Jerem! Look how drunk I am and how full of cheese my mouth is! Jerem: That's not that much cheese.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jerem: I'm Jerem! I collect posters!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: There ain't no party like a Liz Lemon party 'cause a Liz Lemon party is mandatory.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: This is bad, because I can't change. I'm like a chameleon, always a lizard!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Badger, it's another Badger, the third Badger has taken the bait. Liz Lemon: Why is everyone codenamed Badger? Kenneth: I thought you said you wanted to do it this way. Liz Lemon: No, I said I didn't care.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buzz Aldrin: I'm sorry if I upset you. Would you like to yell at the moon with Buzz Aldrin? Liz Lemon: Yes, please. [Both turn to the moon] Buzz Aldrin: I own you! Liz Lemon: You dumb moon! Buzz Aldrin: I walked on your face! Liz Lemon: Don't you know it's day? Idiot!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wesley: I don't want to go back to England. I can't suffer through the London Olympics - we're not prepared, Liz. Did you see the Beijing Opening Ceremonies? We don't have control over our people like that!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: The world is made by those who control their own destiny. It isn't made by those who don't do, it's made by those who do do. Which is what made me the man I am, I do do. Liz: Yeah, you do. Jack: Grow up, Lemon.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wesley: Fine, it's your loss. There's only one Wesley Snipes in the world. Liz: You know there isn't! Wesley: Ugh!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: I am a grown woman! I have been doing things my way for a long time. I don't like my "life stuff" mixing with my "dude stuff." Jack: A middle-aged woman saying "dude stuff," is that on my sadness scavenger hunt? Why yes it is!
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Your health insurance will remain in effect until the end... of this sentence.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Although I'm great at this, I'm really not necessary. Hmmm, the last time I said that I was in a three-way with two Backstreet Boys.
tv-30rock	family	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I'm embarrassed to say I've missed the birth of both of my sons, for very legitimate reasons. Dotcom: "Cooking a French bread pizza" and "forgot".
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: [making lessons DVD] In the unlikely event that you encounter something that is not covered here, find a woman named Elizabeth Lemon, get her advice, and then do the opposite.
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: I'm gonna to have to reinvent you. Break you down completely, and build you up from scratch. Just like Mickey Rourke did to me sexually.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Regina Bookman: The FUTURE. And AMERICA. Now I may have lost my train of thought SEVERAL minutes ago, but if I continue to TALK LIKE THIS, no one will NOTICE, and when I STOP, you will APPLAUD my ENERGY! Thank you!
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Diversity is the engine that drives this country. We are an immigrant nation! The first generation works their fingers to the bone making things, the next generation goes to college and innovates new ideas, the third generation... snowboards and takes improv classes.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Does it seem weird to you? Everything looks like a Mexican soap opera. Good God, I can see every line and pore on your face. Liz: Yeah, well my face cream was recalled. Apparently it was killing the lab rats'...Ugh what was it?... brains!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Making through a full 24 hours without a single misstep is called Reaganing. The only other people who have ever done it: Lee Iacocca, Jack Welch, and - no judgment - Saddam Hussein.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack:You have more sexual hangups than an adult chat line run by Gilbert Gottfried? Liz:What? Jack:That was written by a computer program we're working on to replace you.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Certainly you can't be surprised that there's a lot of negative stuff about you out there. Don't you ever Google yourself? Tracy: Sure, I google myself all the time, like when Angie's not in the mood or I'm alone in a hotel.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: She's courting the youth vote. That means she's desperate. Jonathan: My generation never votes. It interferes with talking about ourselves all the time.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: You don't know what you're talking about, these jeans are hand-made in USA. Jack: You're mispronouncing that, they're H&#257;nd made in Usa. The H&#257;nd are a Vietnamese slave race and Usa is their island prison. Want to know how they get the stitching so small? Orphans.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Well, you were right about Brooklyn Without Limits: crunchy on the outside, right wing nutjob on the inside. Jack: Like Ann Coulter's underwear.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Good God, Lemon, those jeans make you look like a Mexican sports reporter.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: [My jeans] are from Brooklyn Without Limits, this very cool store with locations in Gaytown, White Harlem, and the Van Beardswick section of Brooklyn.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Usually everyone around here makes me feel like Hitler, but today I feel like... Hitler in Germany.
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Pete and I are having a little college night. Liz: Oh yeah you want to see me shotgun this? [Liz begins shoving an entire pizza into her mouth] Jack: Oh God! She means the pizza! Pete: She's unhinging her jaw!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Come on, my card only has a 1 in 52 chance of getting picked anyway. Tracy: How did you know that? You're like Rain Man. Quick, how many toothpicks are on the ground? Liz: Zero. Tracy: We need to go to Vegas.
tv-30rock	love	quip	general	0	Jenna: Relationships are like sharks, Liz. If you're not left with several bite marks after intercourse, then something's wrong.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Lemon, I want you to get better because, and I mean this, I'm tired of talking this much to a woman I'm not having sex with.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: This isn't my first rodeo, Lemon. Liz: Well, I've been to a rodeo too. It was a cat rodeo, in a gay guy's apartment.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: See, this is exactly the kind of thing that happens when there's no order, no planning. Hitler and Martha Stewart would've hated that wedding.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: For instance, Jack taught me not to wear tan slacks with a tan turtleneck. I thought it looked nice, but he, rightly, pointed out that it made me look like a giant condom.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: There was a cyclone in Brooklyn last year. It destroyed two vintage t-shirt stores and a banjo.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Michael Kors is a friend - - we own a gay racehorse together - - and I convinced him to make wizard cloaks fashionable this winter.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hooper:: You have a reputation, Jack. As a shark. Kabletown, we're not sharks. We're more like... whatever the friendliest fish is. I'm not a science guy.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: If I can't poop in the street, why should my tax dollars pay for someone else to?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: I've been taking these new Czechoslovakian organ slimming pills. They contain a little bit of meth, which is something my body needs anyway!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: My fanny pack is in my office in my mini-fridge. I like my tampons to be cold.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: New York gives us a tax break for employing sex offenders. It's a terrible program.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	[when Jack arrives at Kaylee's school to confront her] Kaylee: Mr. Donaghy! What are you doing here? Jack: I could ask you the same thing! But it would make no sense.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kaylee: The ocean is for tools. Jack: The ocean is awesome and for winners. You're for tools!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: They'll say "Jack Donaghy was the greatest oceanographer who ever lived. And we walruses owe Him everything for giving us the gift of language."
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Am I trying to instigate fights by throwing wine at people just to get on camera, and maybe also promote my new lifestyle website, Jennas-Side.com? Of course not. I mean, is wine-throwing something that even gets you on a reality show?
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angie: D'Fwan, glue in the business weave.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angie: As you know, my single, "My Single Is Dropping," is dropping.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: I only pass gas once a year, for an hour, atop a mountain in Switzerland.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: There is nothing gay about the Princeton fight song. "Oh, the men of Princeton are charging up the rear, holding all the balls..." Okay, I hear it now.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pete: Last time I taught, I was like Robin Williams in Dead Poets Society - by which I mean I got fired.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jenna: Listen up, Fives. A Ten is speaking.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Congratulations. According to the transitive property, you just defeated Muammar Qaddafi in arm wrestling.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dotcom: This would have really bothered me in my 20's.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Just get him [Tracy] back in time for the show. I have a very full plate. Liz: Really? Is it from that pie place? Jack: And I'm tired of going to bat for you and your show. Liz: Oh. Ok. Fine. But just to be clear.... Jack: There is no pie!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: When she's ready, Dr. Kevorkian says we have to put her down. He's a very good paediatrician but that is an unfortunate name.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: I've just had a hard couple of months. Work has been crazy, and I went through a bad break up, and then there was this plastic bag that represented my death. Dr. Spaceman: Sounds like you can use a little R&R. Rum and Ritalin.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paul: This is a conservative top, Jenna. And I hate to be the stereotypical man, but this is my home and I want to wear this blouse.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: This thing's a real cash cow - unlike Cash Cow, the NBC spinoff of Cash Cab. You try riding a cow through midtown Manhattan, Lemon. The animal will panic.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Remember when I offended stubborn people? That took forever to sort out.
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Denise Richards: Don't talk to me like I'm stupid! I played a nucular psychiatrist in a James Bonk movie!
tv-30rock	food	tv-quote	general	0	Criss: You don't use the tab closers on cereal boxes! Liz: If you think those are doing anything to seal in freshness, you are living in a fantasy world, pal.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kelsey Grammer: [performing as Abraham Lincoln] I know that future generations will forge a stronger country, and that, someday, America will be a place... where everybody knows your name.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Amy: Ugh, I hate it when they put the movie poster on the cover of the book that the movie is based on. Liz: Let me imagine what Peeta Mallark looks like, and how his arms smell of bread.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Accountant: My son Adam is a huge, huge fan! Tracy: Yes, many of our viewers are obese.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Whatever you do, don't speak first. Ninety percent of negotiations are lost by the person who speaks first. Because what is speaking a sign of? Audience member: ...weakness? Jack: You - out. Fired.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Oh, Diana, you're here, I thought you'd be at the house. Diana: Oh yes, I dropped my bags off and shook hands with the baby but I wanted to come talk to you about Avery's situation.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Extracting an American from North Korea is a, ah, is a lot more difficult than arranging a round robin paddle tennis tournament. Diana: What about arranging three round robin paddle tennis tournaments?
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: This is a sign. The lower classes are getting cranky about the rich earning all of their money away from them. Can't they see this is in their best interest? How could we pay their salaries without using their money? We're on the verge of a class war.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kenneth: Miss Lemon, are you okay? Aw! You smell like when the Stone Mountain tire fire joined up with the corpse fire, and then swept through the downtown manure district. It was our fault for letting those high schoolers dance at their prom.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Thad: And you - you were the star of The Sound of Music. Liz: Thank you. Not everyone thinks of the young Nazi boy as the star of that show.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: 'Cause living a lie will eat you up inside. Like that parasite I got from eating sushi on Amtrak.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lynn: Ma'am, I am in a Mexican prison gang. You kill me, Los Tiburones will greenlight a 187 on you, and you don't want that kind of heat.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I feel like Oscar the Grouch today. And not just 'cause I woke up in a garbage can this morning startling someone named Gordon.
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: In college, I once went on a hunger strike to protest apartheid... Tracy: Oh, you're the one who solved that? Thank you soooo much!
tv-30rock	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: I finally understand the ending of The Sixth Sense. Those names are the people who worked on the movie!
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: This is probably some Hollywood prank. Like on the set of Ocean's 12 when I put that snake in George Clooney's bed. I was not in the movie.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hazel: I'm not about to screw this up, Kenneth. 'Cause I'd get kicked out of show business, and then how would I be famous? By starting a fire and then rescuing everyone from it, and then I'm a hero, and then I'm in Playboy?
tv-30rock	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: The UN is useless, the State Department is full of Democrats, and as it turns out Amnesty International is nothing but a company that makes and sells candles... Liz: That explains all the vigils!
tv-30rock	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hazel: When I confronted him about it he was so condescending! He laughed at me, then he undressed me with his eyes. Then he had his way with me... with his eyes. Liz: Ugh, the male gaze. Hazel: Yeah, they're all a bunch of gays.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liz: Do not write another sketch with Krang from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. No one knows who Krang is. It would be a waste of time to talk about Krang on television.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: You really are an extraordinary young man, Kenneth. No matter what happens, you always keep your chin up. Kenneth: Medically it's a neck ridge.
tv-30rock	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Hazel: As the doctor said to me after my hepatitis test, "You got it, sweetheart!"
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stacy Keach: ...That's why I buy Bazooka Joe Gum. It's like chewing a mountain that someone shot a Freeze-Ray into.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy: Jenna, I've been thinking... Jenna: But Tracy, you're a celebrity.
tv-30rock	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Angie: I've never been so disrespected in my life! And I've been to, and worked at, the post office.
tv-30rock	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: Not too much has changed. There's an iPod 3 and a Mitt Romney 4. They worked all the bugs out. He's not killing hobos at night anymore.
tv-30rock	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack: You don't need my advice. Liz: But I still want it.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Where is ninety percent of the universe? Jeremy? Jeremy Hardy: Ikea.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jeremy Hardy: You're basing all this on what Stephen Hawking says, and the fact is, he's subject to interference from minicabs.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: Pluto and Bangkok don't exist. I'm scared to go out.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Holmes was retired by this point, and was keeping bees on the Sussex Downs. Alan Davies: Against their will?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What begins with A, has six Cs, and no Bs? Clive Anderson: Is it the Welsh alphabet?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is the most boring place in Britain? Jo Brand: Is it the Big Brother House?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Welcome to QI, the closest modern equivalent to Lions versus Christians.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: How do otters kill crocodiles? Rob Brydon: Softly with their songs.
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Danny Baker has related a theory that states if a person can lick their own elbow, then they will be immortal.] Stephen Fry: But isn't that how socialism was invented, that someone said, "Come, let us lick each other's elbows"?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Danny Baker: The fourth largest navy in the world, if one goes by boats alone? Disney. Disney has the fourth largest flotilla in the world. Stephen Fry: Good God. They'll be making films next!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jackie Clune: It is actually possible for the ball sack to be stretched beyond recognition. Jimmy Carr: By a woman scorned?
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	After 15 seconds... Stephen Fry:The intelligent voices in my head tell me you're absolutely right Sean, they do walk! They walk up to 40 centimetres in a lifetime.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: If a lion mates with a tiger, you get a ...? Alan Davies: Scandal.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Who are the Lords of Shouting? Jo Brand, Alan Davies: [hitting their buzzers] WE ARE!
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: How do hedgehogs make love? Alan Davies: Carefully! [The klaxon goes off.]
tv-qi	life	joke	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's long and pink and hard in the morning? Answer - The Financial Times crossword.
tv-qi	arts	quip	general	0	Peter Serafinowicz: I never saw American History X, because I didn't see any of the first nine.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: There's a little bit of Alan in me. Is there any Alan in you? Rich Hall: No. No. Alan Davies: Do you want some?
tv-qi	nature	observation	general	0	[Discussing the possibility of receiving xenotransplanted organs from pigs] Linda Smith: Now what are the chances of a reckless young pig, goes out and gets killed in a motorcycle accident? They probably don't even carry donor cards!
tv-qi	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: It's in the Bible ... Alan Davies: I haven't read it! Stephen Fry: You should - it's hilarious.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What, or which, is the largest living thing on earth? Alan Davies: It is the blue whale. [The klaxon goes off.]
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: I'll give you an extra two points if you can tell me the longest fence in the world. Phill Jupitus: The Great Fence of China! Alan Davies: It's to keep people off the Great Wall.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Jo Brand: When I was a teenager, someone I knew gave their dog LSD ... Stephen Fry: Oh, my Lord! Jo Brand: ... It went to Glastonbury.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Phill, one for you, I think. What goes 'woof, woof, boom'? Phill Jupitus: Suicidal corgi. The next Norwegian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest? [Singing.] "My heart goes woof, woof, boom." Rich Hall: A terrierist!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: Eight hundred Americans die in a McDonald's every year. Rich Hall: Which one? Best to avoid that one.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: This brings us neatly to our General Ignorance round, in which we ask Alan, is this a rhetorical question? Alan Davies: [He thinks for a while.] No. Stephen Fry: Quite right.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: You don't meet many American Jeremys do you? Have you ever met one? Jeremy Clarkson: No it's too complicated, there's three syllables.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What has large teeth and only one facial expression? Bill Bailey: Janet Street-Porter. [Forfeit klaxon sounds]
tv-qi	science	joke	general	0	Bill Bailey: How many amoebas does it takes to change a lightbulb? One. No, two. No, four. No, eight ...
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: They are homophones. They do sound the same ... and they hate gay people.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Alan incorrectly guesses that Julius Caesar was born by Caesarian section.] Stephen Fry: We don't know anything particularly extraordinary about his birth, we just wanted, uh, Laughing Boy [gestures to Alan] here to fall into the trap.
tv-qi	science	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: How many moons does the earth have? Alan Davies: Two. Stephen Fry: Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. Alan Davies: We did this last series! Stephen Fry: Yes, but Alan, that was last year. There have been three more discovered. Alan Davies: Oh, shut up!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: See what happens on this show, Dara, is he (gestures to Stephen) thinks&#65279; I'm an idiot. Dara Ó Briain: Yeah, well you think my name is an anagram of diarrhoea, so... I'm really on their side at the moment.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Do you know why the grass is greener in Ireland than over here? Dara O'Briain: Uhm, it's because of lime stone? Stephen Fry: No, because you're all over here walking on ours.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's the collective noun for a group of baboons? Rich Hall: The Pentagon.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: If I've got a mothball in this hand and a mothball in that hand, what have I got? Alan Davies: Two mothballs? Stephen Fry: No, a rather excited moth.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[discussing the naked chef who won the only race of the first ancient Olympics] Stephen Fry: He, of course, won by a short head- no... After his final spurt- NO, shut up!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is bottomry? Clive Anderson: It's the opposite of topiary.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is the commonest material in the world? Clive Anderson: Jim Davidson's.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clive Anderson: Alan, even I can work out that when you know the answer, never give it, cos it's always the one they're hoping we'll say.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Sean Lock: The huntsman spider is the only spider with lungs. Alan Davies: So you can get it a birthday cake with a candle on.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[On the subject of what music do spiders like] Sean Lock: They've got eight legs; they'd appreciate a one-man band. [...] Mark Gatiss: Kylie Minogue Stephen Fry: Why's that? Mark Gatiss: Spinning Around [...] Sean Lock: But I don't think spiders are that into puns.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: I'm not as stupid as you think. Stephen Fry: No, you're not. You couldn't be.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: What would your super power be of choice? Stephen Fry: Invisibility. Alan Davies: Really? Stephen Fry: Yeah, I think. Ah, it'd be great. What would you like? Alan Davies: I would like to have no bodily smell.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rich Hall: I would like to travel ahead in time, but only by two seconds. I could go 'gesundheit', and you [points at Stephen] would sneeze.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[repeatedly, after having switched seats with Stephen] Alan Davies: ...This question is for Stephen Fry.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: This one for everyone... What kind of animal is sacred in India?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	(short silence) Stephen Fry: (growled whisper): DO NOT SAY COW!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	(audience laughs) Stephen Fry: DO NOT SAY COW!"
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Phil's buzzer goes off) Phil Jupitus: Is it a cow?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Well, Port Talbot may be less than 30.000 pounds, but it's like that old joke isn't it? About the atomic bomb going off in Cardiff, and causing seven pounds worth of damage.
tv-qi	life	quip	general	0	Rich Hall: For five million pounds, I'd want a map that showed me looking at the map I'd just bought.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is a taffy pull? Rob Brydon: Is this another dig at my forefathers? Stephen Fry: You've got four fathers? The Welsh are weird.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Who, or what, is Cummingtonite? Alan Davies: [Giggles.] I don't know. The night is young, Stephen.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Arthur Smith: It's marvellous to be six because you're not aware of your own mortality. You think you're the centre of the universe... Days last a hundred years! It's always summer! You can put your head in some custard and no one cares.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doon Mackichan: I'd quite like to be, sort of ... a minute ... old. After the smack and everything's washed off, you're straight on the tit, you've got entertainment, you've got sleep and you can cry all the time without anyone thinking you're weird.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Guessing the contents of the Queen's handbag] Doon Mackichan: The Little Book of Calm ... and mace spray.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: Something's 98% water, I know it is. Jimmy Carr: Is it the sea?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Do you remember anything he said? Sean Lock: No, not a word. He said something about calcium, there's a tree with a funny name, I don't know. Koalas invented rice. Um, other stuff. He's like a robot!
tv-qi	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: So tonight we have three astronauts, and one astro-minus-25. Ha, the things I do with words.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jeremy Clarkson holds up a sign saying "I like Stephen".] Stephen Fry: It's like having your own little performing donkeys.
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: In 1900 there was a sport where Britain won a gold medal, in which the only other country that competed was France. Can you imagine what that might have been? John Sessions: Arrogance?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What do you get when you cross a camel with a leopard? Jo Brand: You get a fireside rug you can have a good hump on. Sean Lock: You get sacked from the zoo?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On how the ancient armies caught elephants] Rich Hall: Well, the truth of the matter is many of these elephants volunteered. They came from small towns, there was no future, no ... no circus coming through town ...
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: So, the question is, how does the U.S. government look after its sequoia groves? Bill Bailey: Er ... lions ... and tigers are let loose to roam the surrounding areas ... Alan Davies: Do they try to win the hearts and minds of the sequoia?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Why shouldn't I strip Alan naked and cover him in gold paint? Phill Jupitus: You win your Oscar properly like everyone else!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sean Lock: I got the worst Christmas present ever, ever in my life. My sister gave me a "Grow Your Own Luffa" kit. Stephen Fry: God bless her! Sean Lock: It was a clay pot, a bag of earth and five seeds. And I think the clay pot hit her hardest.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What colour was the Model T Ford? Jeremy Clarkson: [Whispering to Alan] Don't say, don't say, don't say... Alan Davies: Black? Jeremy Clarkson: Oh. [forfeit alarm goes off]
tv-qi	life	dark	general	0	Jeremy Clarkson: Did you know a veal has to have more space to be transported to the abattoir than a human being in the back of an aeroplane. Sean Lock: ...yeah, but to be fair, we have a holiday, they get killed.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jeremy Clarkson: I had a puffin last week, that's not delicious, but the point of eating it was because I never had one before... Sean Lock: ...have you tried one of my turds? Stephen Fry: Did you just say what I thought you said? Get out. Out now.
tv-qi	food	tv-quote	general	0	[On fortune cookies] Phill Jupitus: I wish they'd be a bit more honest - I mean, snap, "With the amount of MSG you've just had, a massive coronary is on the way"!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Bailey: I saw a goat up a tree in Morocco. They go right up the top! I couldn't believe it, I thought it was somebody in the pub having me on, but no ... Stephen Fry: And you're sure it was a tree, not a goathanger?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What does a pair of pygmy chimpanzees do when they see a box? Helen Atkinson-Wood: Wear children's clothes and have a tea party.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: An octopus the size of a volleyball can fit into a soft drink can. Bill Bailey: Er, bluff.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: After a lifetime working with radioactivity, what did Marie Curie have two of? Alan Davies: Lesbians. Stephen Fry: She had two lesbians? She left them in her will to someone.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is the Italian for cuttlefish? Do you know by any chance?? Alan Davies: Cuttlefishio?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after a question barrage from Alan] Stephen Fry: I'm looking at my information card here because you're really pumping me, Alan. You're pumping me.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: When the Titanic sank, what was the first thing that happened to the crew? Phill Jupitus: Terrible luck for them, but they actually had their six-month review...
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is three times more dangerous than war? Jimmy Carr: ...three wars?
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: You are three times more likely to die at work than at war. Alan Davies: Does that include soldiers?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Another dangerous sport is russian roulette of course. Alan Davies: That's dangerous. In the early days, you had a musket. You'd only have the one.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Arthur Smith: I had occasion to hire a theatrical duck, once ... Clive Anderson: A luvvie duck! Vic Reeves: In my career, I've had occasion to hire many, many an animal, but the most expensive was a pelican. Stephen Fry: Was it an enormous bill?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: ....good evening and welcome to QI, for another tentative sniff at the enormous bottom of knowledge.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the Silbo Gomero whistling language] Stephen Fry: Do you know how they communicate across valleys? Alan Davies: Shout. Neil Mullarkey: Mobile phone. Stephen Fry: [grinning] No... Not... It's a language they use, but instead of their vocal cords, they... Alan Davies: Fart.
tv-qi	life	dark	general	0	Stephen Fry: My great-uncle had his tongue shot off in the war. He never talked about it.
tv-qi	nature	quip	general	0	[Discussing dolphins] Ronni Ancona: A lot of people say that they're smarter than people, but if they were, wouldn't they be saying that?
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ronni Ancona: It's so weird that these national heroes are not from the place they are supposed to be. William Wallace was from Kenya. His mother was Masai... Not really!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Speaking of marmots] Stephen Fry: Given the right conditions, it's a dangerous, a deadly merciless killer of humans. How? Clive Anderson: [presses his buzzer] Stephen Fry: Clive. Clive Anderson: Lead piping in the billiard room.
tv-qi	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	[Guessing which illness most doctors treat more than any other] Alan Davies: Pregnancy? Clive Anderson: Pregnancy isn't a disease, Alan. Andy Parsons: It would be if Alan got it!
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Oh, there you are. Great Wall of China. Jimmy Carr: I've got quite an interesting fact about that. Stephen Fry: Yep. Jimmy Carr: Longest wall in the world, not one cashpoint.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Stephen has had to have beer goggles explained to him] Phill Jupitus: Stephen doesn't have beer goggles, he has Madeira pince-nez.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[on breaking wind in front of the queen] Julian Clary: It was just a little smidge as I thought, and I tried to get rid of it by internal squeezing. But it can't be done, and... Stephen Fry: ...are the muscles a little lax down there?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Stephen asks for Gandhi's first name, which is not 'Mahatma'.] Stephen Fry: Do you know what "Mahatma" means? Alan Davies: It means "Can I have my hat please, Mother?"
tv-qi	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jonathan Ross: What's the protocol for when you see a really ugly baby? Rich Hall: I'll tell you. People show you their babies on their phone now, and it's like a cashew with some hair coming out of it. The thing to say is "Nice phone".
tv-qi	science	tv-quote	general	0	[Discussing what babies have that adults do not] Stephen Fry: They don't have kneecaps, do they? Jonathan Ross: Aren't you confusing them with mer-babies?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After not speaking for ages, Rich hits his buzzer.] Stephen Fry: Er, Rich? Rich Hall: Ever since the clangers, I've been lost. The last picture I recognised was the KKK and that's pretty sad.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Thirty-mile-an-hour winds come when a train enters the station, and a lot of hair gets blown down into the tunnels. Andy Hamilton: That's how I lost mine, actually. Most of it is Tottenham Court Road.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Talking about how Tube tunnels are cleaned] Alan Davies: I don't understand why you can't have a - you know, like you used to have a cleaning tape for your cassette deck - you can't have a cleaning Tube? You'd just send a big furry train down ...
tv-qi	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: The word "donkey" - when did it come into the English language? Graeme Garden: When was Don Quixote published?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Jo, what's a good way to create the impression that you've cleaned the house when you haven't? Jo Brand: Just lock the door and kill everyone.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is the cheapest way to remove blood stains from clothes? Let's imagine if you cut yourself shaving and you get a spot there. Alan Davies: The cheapest way? Stephen Fry: Yeah. Alan Davies: What, you have to go down to the river and beat it on a rock?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A picture of a blood-spattered surgeon appears on the screen.] Jo Brand: Can I just say, I'm so impressed you got a picture of my husband in our fantasy sex kit.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dara Ó Briain: [explaining how to pour Guinness correctly] Five-twelfths of an inch is the ideal head around the top, and if somebody paints a shamrock into it, you're allowed to stab them in the eye with a fork.
tv-qi	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Dara Ó Briain: I do remember once going out with a lady who was raised atheist, and an utter chore to walk around the gallery with. They go, 'who's the guy on the sticks? Is he the same guy who was in the shed earlier on?'
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Name a saint who comes from Ireland. Alan Davies: Patrick. [The klaxon goes off.] Alan Davies: Why do I even bother?
tv-qi	society	dark	general	0	Stephen Fry: Where is the best place to be when a nuclear bomb goes off? Jimmy Carr: I would've gone with downtown Nagasaki. Because what are the chances of that happening again? You've got to play the odds.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What could you make with an ultrasound rectal probe, a light-emitting tube, bicycle helmets, protective clothing, a huge tub of Vaseline, and a wheel-barrow? Jimmy Carr: I could make you the happiest man alive.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[About vampire bats.] Stephen Fry: How do they ingest their blood? What do they do? Alan Davies: They bite and sniff it up. Swallow it. Lick it. Slurp it. Hide it. Store it. Decant it. Stephen Fry: Decant it!?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Where is the biggest load of rubbish in the world? Audience Member: France
tv-qi	faith	joke	general	0	Stephen Fry: How can you tell that God is a civil engineer? Because when he designed the human body, he put the recreational area right next to the sewage outflow.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[The number of British people killed by lightning each year] Stephen Fry: It's between three and six, actually, it's not very many. Alan Davies: Four or five.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: You're not doing badly, I must say. A fulsome pair of funbags there. Jo Brand: You know what? That was almost heterosexual. Alan Davies: But it wasn't though, was it?
tv-qi	family	tv-quote	general	0	[After hearing that eating nothing but rabbit will eventually kill you] Johnny Vegas: My dad killed my pet rabbit and fed it to me. [The audience is stunned.] Stephen Fry: Did he?! [kindly] Perhaps he was trying to kill you, Johnny.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: I love the way your mind works, Alan Davies ... and I use the word "works" quite wrongly.
tv-qi	science	tv-quote	general	0	[About the first words spoken from the surface of the moon] Bill Bailey: Was it 'This is the Moon, this is the end of the line...' Rich Hall: Great to be here in Philadelph - I mean, the Moon.
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	David Mitchell: [in imitation of an outraged right-winger] You don't take an active interest in how your country is run for just forty-five years, and look what happens!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Einigkeit und Recht und Freiheit für das deutsche Vaterland! Danach lasst uns alle streben Brüderlich mit Herz und Hand! Phill Jupitus: I have an erection.
tv-qi	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Clive Anderson's buzzer is (Everything I Do) I Do It for You by Bryan Adams.] Stephen Fry: Sometimes there just isn't enough vomit in the world.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: And what are the symptoms of taking E? Do you know, Clive? Clive Anderson: Um, I don't know, I haven't taken it myself. I've given ecstasy, but not ...
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen: And who are the most dangerous cars driven by in the world? Jeremy: Oh, are we talking about men or women, children, babies, dogs... Stephen: No, nationalities. The most dangerous cars are green apparently, and driven by the Chinese. Alan: ...called tanks.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What would you find in the middle of a pearl?? Alan Davies: An oyster Jeremy Clarkson: [Whilst audience are laughing] No Stephen: [Surprised voice] You find an oyster in the middle of a pearl?!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jo Brand: There's a great story about Conan Doyle, actually. Just for a joke, one day, he wrote a note saying, We are discovered. Flee immediately, and he sent it to five of his friends to see what they would do. And one of them disappeared!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: There was a time when all the elevator cables were sheared off in the Empire State Building. Do you know about this story? Clive Anderson: Yeah, there was a giant ape on the side of it.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	David Mitchell: Fish don't blink. Which is the main eye defence. If you're ever trying to get the eye out of a fish and it blinks... it may be a lion.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jimmy Carr: It's just so stupid, isn't it? Beating your wife... I mean, it's your wife- it's like keying your own car! David Mitchell: Society just got a tiny bit worse... Jimmy Carr: I like to think I can help.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What happens if an ear wig gets into your ear? David Mitchell: It gets into your brain, and it stays there, and you form a sort of symbiotic relation with it. It happened to me 20 years ago, and we've never been happier! [forfeit alarm sounds]
tv-qi	nature	dark	general	0	Jimmy Carr: You know if a spider lays its eggs underneath your skin, think about how much worse it'd be if it was a goose.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Alan makes his entrance wearing an elephant mask.] Alan Davies: I was the elephant in the room! Stephen Fry: I know, it was brilliant. Alan Davies: It was brilliant!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Well, bless him, when he arrived - I'm not wishing to sound patronising, but I've just said "bless him," so there's no way out
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: So that's the Cameroon's Eton tribe. They have other ethnic groups called the Bum, the Bang, the Banana, the Mang, the Fang, the Tang, the Wum, the Wam, the War, and, of course, the Pongo. Sean Lock: Who discovered this tribe, Benny Hill?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: We had a Jimmy Glasscock at school. Stephen Fry: Oh, did you? Alan Davies: Yeah, you could always see when he was coming.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is pink, has pendulous breasts, gets sailors all excited and tastes of prime beef? [as Jimmy rings in] Yes? Jimmy Carr: Was Princess Margaret buried at sea?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: It was before Haile Selassie, there was an emperor... Jimmy Carr: Lowly Selassie.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[on getting static shock] Doon Mackichan: But some people say, it's because of passion, like when you meet the man or woman of your dreams, you have an electric shock. Jimmy Carr: Sometimes if I meet an attractive woman, I will tazer her.
tv-qi	family	tv-quote	general	0	[How to keep your children from peeking at their Christmas presents] Alan Davies: Blind them.
tv-qi	food	tv-quote	general	0	Phill Jupitus: [stuffing his face with spaghetti] Can I just say, this is the best quiz I've ever been on.
tv-qi	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's the most famous line from a Tarzan film? Ronni Ancona: Oh, "Me Tarzan, you Jane." Stephen Fry: Yes, except of course it never happened. Ronni Ancona: What?! David Mitchell: Why do these films always forget to put their most famous lines in?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What happened to the fireman's pole? Rob Brydon: He tiled the fireman's bathroom.
tv-qi	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[attempting a Richard Burton impression] Rob Brydon: "When a baby cries it's first cry when it's born it's crying out knowing..." [audience member giggles] Shut up. [more laughter] You wouldn't know a good impression if it sat on your face!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: Did you really work that out? Charlie Higson: Some of us paid attention at school, Alan. Alan Davies: That one again! That seems to be the root of all my problems.
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	[After hearing about how the East German secret police used to take swabs of dissidents' body odour in order to identify them] Charlie Higson: It does sound like a new perfume range, though, doesn't it? "Dissidence, from Calvin Klein."
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Anyway. The Borgia pope celebrated the feast of chestnuts by an evening of prostitute racing in the vatican.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Do you know what the French for "flying fish" is? Alan Davies: Poisson ... d'aeroplane ...?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's the opposite of a flying fish? Sean Lock: Tunnelling flamingo!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[audience member inexplicably starts laughing hysterically] Stephen Fry: Nurse! Nurse! She's out of bed again!
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[On the superb lyrebird imitating a chainsaw] Jimmy Carr: I can't see that bird surviving for much longer if it's doing impressions of the chainsaw that's coming toward it.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Sean Lock: Salamanders can go in fire, can't they? Stephen Fry: Yes, that's the legend, presumably that's what happened. Marcus Brigstocke: How long can a salamander go in fire? Sean Lock: 'till it's cooked!
tv-qi	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Now, how many commandments are there? Jimmy Carr: Are we talking about the commandments that God dictated to Moses on Mount Sinai? Stephen Fry: Yeah. Jimmy Carr: Literally none, never happened.
tv-qi	science	tv-quote	general	0	[on how the king of Syracuse asked Archimedes to find out if his crown was made of real gold] Alan Davies: I put it in the bath? Stephen Fry: Mm, yeah... Jimmy Carr: What, does gold go small and wrinkly in the bath? Sean Lock: That's your crown jewels!
tv-qi	life	quip	general	0	[on sword swallowing] Jimmy Carr: I think that the actual secret of doing it is to do it really quick and if it gets caught on anything... just jab it.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: By the way, does anyone know, incidentally, what is the best opening move of Paper, Scissors, Stone? Dara Ó Briain: If you say, "You go first."
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after being asked to hold pencils in their mouths] Dara Ó Briain: it doef feem like a bad move in a fpoken wowd comedy fhow, I'm chofing my wowds vewy cawefully hewe, to effenfially difable the fouw conteftants.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's the ideal way to kiss a Frenchman? Alan Davies: A French man? [laughing] I don't know. With their consent? Stephen Fry: Very well put! What a nice young man.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[About the number of kisses given as a greeting in certain regions] Stephen Fry: And 5 is Corsica, I suppose... Dara Ó Briain: 5?! They really have very little to do in Corsica do they? Stephen Fry: Can you tell me what sort of person kisses 5 times? "Cors-i-can!"
tv-qi	life	quip	general	0	Stephen Fry: My grandfather was a Hungarian jew, he said "A Hungarian is the only man who can follow you into a revolving door and come out first."
tv-qi	food	tv-quote	general	0	[on that London is not the city with the most Michelin stars in the world] Reginald D. Hunter: I feel that any country that can produce marmite, they started later than everybody else in trying to make food taste good. Stephen Fry: This from a country that has spray-on cheese?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: My name is Stephen "My Bottom Is a Treasure-house" Fry; Thank you and good night.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: [to the camera] If you are watching QI now, and you believe in astrology, you are banned from watching in future. You are not allowed; you must turn it over now. Thank you.
tv-qi	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: They had vacuum cleaners in America in the 19th century, and they were huge, and they had to go on the back of a car drawn by horses. Stephen Fry: [pedantic]I remember seeing that on a programme called QI! ...But well remembered!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: [pointing to the red flower in his buttonhole] What does my buttonhole tell you about me? Jo Brand: That you're a closet heterosexual? Stephen Fry: How dare you!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After discussing how the heroine of La Dame aux Camélias wore a red camellia instead of a white one to indicate when she was on her period] Stephen Fry: And the film based on La Dame aux Camélias is ...? Jo Brand: Carry On Menstruating.
tv-qi	science	joke	general	0	Stephen Fry: Do you know the difference between a frog and a toad? Alan Davies:&#8232; Spelling.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What do you call a slug with a shell? Alan Davies: I'm not falling for that one.
tv-qi	life	observation	general	0	David Mitchell:There's one of those adverts that sort of says 'There are more germs on your chopping board than on your loo seat.' To which the answer is, 'well clearly that's fine, then.'
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What can you usefully teach an oyster? [as David rings in] Yes? David Mitchell: Is it ... you know ... not to get its hopes up? To expect ... lemon juice and death?
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Name a poisonous snake. Jimmy Carr: Piers Morgan. [The forfeit alarm goes off.]
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Alan is testing his gentleman gardener's saw on the table, despite Stephen's protests] David Mitchell: I really wish they hadn't made the set out of asbestos.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: [both arms on his waist] Do you know that rhyme, "I'm a little teapot, short an stout, [looks right] here's my handle, [looks left] oh bugger, I'm a sugar bowl!"
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: So that's the uses of gooses or the eese of geese. Sean Lock:&#8232;Is the next question on the habits of rabbits? Stephen:&#8232;Oh, I wish that it were. Sean:&#8232;"How far can you shove a dove?" Alan:&#8232;Hats of cats. That's my offer.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[On giraffes] Stephen Fry: So there you are. There are these beautiful animals, and they are graceful and sweet and long eyelashes and sexy and rather desirable in many ways... Sandi Toksvig: Good thing you're tall.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's the commonest cause of death among mountain goats? Bill Bailey: [hitting his buzzer] BRIAN BLESSED.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Which popular game traditionally ends with all of the participants being thrown into a lake of fiery sulfur? Sean Lock: I hope it's show jumping. I hate show jumping!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What are large - very large - blue, rare, slow-moving, have calfs, suffer from wet bottoms, and are found all over the world? Alan Davies: [with a sly grin, pointing his finger at Stephen] Not the blue whale!
tv-qi	science	tv-quote	general	0	[After Stephen has explained that 98% of the atoms in the human body are replaced yearly] David Mitchell: I think some of my socks are older than I am. I feel like I should defer to them.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On why there are few female guests on QI] Sandi Toksvig: Is it because women are just not funny? [Stephen gasps] Ronni Ancona: [imitating deep Southern woman] Now, that's right, but we're good at other things, we're good at raisin' kittens and knittin' cakes!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sandi Toksvig:I think there's a scientific relationship between a sense of humour and the male sex organ. Alan Davies: People&#65279; are always laughing at mine.
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What happens in Germany at 11:11 on the 11th of November every year? Alan Davies: [completely deadpan] Everything carries on as normal.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Now, tell me about the "Great Disappointment". Jo Brand: Have you been talking to my husband? [The forfeit klaxon goes off, with the words "Have you been talking to my husband?" flashing on the screens]
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Why are so many great men short? David Mitchell: [doubtfully] Are they really? Stephen Fry: David, David. You've hit the nail on the head. Rem acu tetigisti, as they would say in latin. David Mitchell: ...I'm sure they would. Sean Lock: It means: 'Nice one, son'.
tv-qi	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: 'Heightism' does exist. Short people are paid less on average than tall people. The disparity is comparable in magnitude to race and gender. Alan Davies: They should rise up. Stephen Fry: Yeah... Hey!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Name and shame the worlds cheapest cheapskate. Jan Ravens: [rings in] Was it Diogenes the Cynic? Stephen Fry: ...Wow. Jimmy Carr: You've seen this show before, haven't you? I think I'm slightly aroused. Alan Davies: I can confirm 'slightly'.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Now, what would you call someone who never laughs? Alan Davies: [points towards the audience] That bloke. Stephen Fry: [laughing] You're right. He hasn't cracked a smile the whole evening. Alan Davies: He might be dead. Nudge him.
tv-qi	science	tv-quote	general	0	[On equipment doctors leave in patients] Barry Humphries: This is when we need Hugh Laurie on this show, isn't it? Stephen Fry: He would explain it, exactly. If the script was put in front of him. He's a gibbering idiot without it.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jack Dee: I was a goth for a while. Stephen Fry: Were you? Jack Dee: I was asked to leave, 'cos I was just too miserable.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: We only call ourselves 'Quite Interesting', we don't call ourselves 'Astonishing'.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Giving the scores] Stephen Fry: We should do this the Athenian way. We should offer Alan the chance - because I can say that Alan is coming last... Alan Davies: It's one of my best features.
tv-qi	food	tv-quote	general	0	[Why are people who don't eat meat called 'vegetarians'?] Jeremy Clarkson: It's because if you said you had a herbivore coming round for dinner, the children would be frightened.
tv-qi	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Jeremy Clarkson: How do you get wheat to mate? Stephen Fry: Pollination. Jeremy Clarkson: Yes, well, how does that happen? Bill Bailey: You turn down the lights... Alan Davies: Ask the barley to leave the room...
tv-qi	society	quip	general	0	David Mitchell: We are in trouble as a species if people will refuse to believe in things they couldn't actually do themselves.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alan Davies: [to cautious David] Embrace the klaxon! David Mitchell: I'm trying to!
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What is the point of teenagers? Jo Brand: Are they the only group you are legally allowed to punch?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: It's not often I find myself in a group of four people, thinking I'm the most normal, sane and balanced person, but I'm happy to feel that today.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rich Hall: They say that a friend will help you, uhh, a friend will come over to your house and help you move, and a good friend will help you move a body. Stephen Fry: That's good. That's... Rich Hall: ...I have two good friends.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Describing the home of a tongue-eating louse, trying to guide the panelists towards the right answer] Stephen Fry: It is a sliding organ, a wet organ, that is... Alan Davies: What are you looking at me for?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The producer and creator of QI, John Lloyd, is in the panel and has been introduced last] Alan Davies: You normally introduce me last. It slightly caught me out, and I was applauding myself. Stephen Fry: Oh, bless. Alan Davies: And I was applauding myself insincerely.
tv-qi	nature	joke	general	0	Sandi Toksvig: A chicken and an egg are lying in bed enjoying a post-coital cigarette. And the chicken turns to the egg and says, "Well, I think we've just answered that question".
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: [To David Mitchell] Once again, your&#65279; relentless, urgent, slightly worried logic is making this nonsense.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Why might I put my finger up your bottom if you couldn't name of seven bald men apart from Yul Brynner? [Beat] That is one of the oddest questions I've ever asked anybody.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: A million British horses were sent to the First World War front. What happened to the ones that survived? Alan Davies: They settled in the southern France, opened a caravan park... Jimmy Carr: Of course they couldn't learn the language, so they ended up moving back.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: What's the oldest trick in the book? Lee Mack: Debbie McGee.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Daniel Radcliffe: The oldest trick in the book is pulling the head off a dead goose and then restoring it. Lee Mack: I can do the first half of that trick.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Daniel Radcliffe has given several correct and comprehensive answers. Alan is starting to look miserable.] Stephen Fry: Don't be put off by a young person knowing more than you, Alan. You must be used to it by now.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Stephen has hypnotized a lobster] Ronnie Ancona: You truly are a renaissance man! Stephen Fry: I wear tights, put it that way.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: So, with that display of general incompetence, we reach the end of recorded history. All that remains to see is who has learned its lessons, and who's condemned to repeat their mistakes endlessly... On Dave.
tv-qi	life	observation	general	0	[On answering a question about how you tell whether a chick is male or female]
tv-qi	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: [Talking about St. Catherine of Sienna] She also actively sought out degrading experiences. She once drank a cupful of cancerous pus from a woman who'd abused her. Alan Davies: But had she appeared on Mock the Week?
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	["Fill in the gaps in slogans"] Stephen Fry: "Welcome to Northamptonshire - Let yourself..." Sue Perkins: "...down."
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: This is an optimistic one here. "Welcome to Tower Hamlets - Let's make it..." Alan Davies: "...out alive."
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Looking at a painting on the screen] Alan Davies: That's a really ugly baby. Clive Anderson: That's not any use! Don't learn that expression. "Really ugly baby." There's never an option to use that in real life.
tv-qi	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stephen Fry: Tell me something quite interesting about the original geishas. Jack Dee: They were all men. Stephen Fry: Yes! Jack Dee: Oh, God.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: I've got trademark products all over my body because I was drunk one night. Don't live like me.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: I swear to God I'm gonna come down hard on you on Monday. It's gonna be like a friggin' hurricane.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason Penopolis: People hate me!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon Small: And demand number two-- Melissa Robbins and Jason Penopolis: Three. Brendon: Three. Pizzaaaaaa! All: Yay!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: How come we're in France? Brendon: Because, that's where...dramatic scenes...take place.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Hey everybody, guess what? McGuirk's gonna come after your moms!
tv-homemovies	family	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: It's all my fault! It should be me behind bars with a French, stupid guard, not you! Brendon: Yes! I agree, mother! You're a horrible person!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Brendon, Mr. Lynch called. Brendon: Oh, Jesus.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Lynch: You make your little movies. Right? Brendon: Yes Mr. Lynch: That takes a little thought right? Brendon: YES!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Lynch: You are not doing well at any subject and uh if you continue on this path. You will be in the fourth grade for the next four years.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Kill you first! Kill you first, lady!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: This isn't a Water Pic
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: I'd like to make an appointment, with you if you're free, on Wednesday. Shannon: About what time? Brendon: I'm thinking maybe 3:30. Alright keep that open. Shannon: What's this about? Brendon: I'm going to pound the crap out of you.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: What happens after you punch his butt a second time? Brendon: I'm gonna probably kick him. Jason: Kick him! Where you gonna kick him? Brendon: I'm gonna go for the butt again. Jason: Okay. Let's get away from the butt.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Someday, Brendon, you're gonna be with a woman, or a man, who likes you just for you. Brendon: Or both. Who knows, mom. I'm young. Don't start forcing roles on me.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: You want to catch him off guard. Show me what you'd do. Brendon: (Singing) Loving you is easy 'cause you're beautiful... McGuirk: No, that was more weird, I would of expected a shove or something.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: S**t, I thought about grapes again.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eugene: I pee in coach canteen. McGuirk: (after drinking pee from his canteen and trying to eat turkey to get rid of the taste) Ugh, it tastes like pee turkey.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Hey Brendon, can I be a bug?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason [As Louis Braille]: I'm going to get a house with a nice view of the ocean. Brendon [As Louis Pasteur]: But you're blind. Jason: Well, my entire family isn't blind. Did you ever think of that? Brendon: Sorry, I don't know what I was thinking.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon [As Louis Pasteur]: We are two great men from France, both named Louis!
tv-homemovies	arts	verse	general	0	From Dwayne's Franz Kafka rock opera: Livin' like a bug ain't easy My old clothes don't seem to fit me I got little tiny bug feet I don't really know what bugs eat Don't want no one steppin' on me Now I'm sympathizin' with fleas
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Melissa's dad is going to ask for his money back and I've already spent it and he hasn't even paid me yet.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erik: Brendon, is this some sort of joke? Brendon: Uh, um, uh...yeah. Melissa: Brendon, how could you? Brendon: Um, Jason. What did you do...to the video, Jason? (everybody looks at Jason who is already eating the birthday cake) Jason: Um...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: First of all, life sucks. Alright? Period. Done deal. You got it? There's your lesson. Go enjoy it.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Erik: Ever read a book called An actor prepares? McGuirk: You know, I've only read one book in the last seven years and that was not it.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: All right, Brendon, can we do my thing now? Brendon: Yeah, you know, that's fine. McGuirk: I'll just change right here. (McGuirk takes his clothes off) Brendon: Yeah, okay. McGuirk: It's not my neighborhood. Brendon: Right.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: You ever heard the phrase "Slipped him a Mickey"? As in: Somebody just slipped that guy a mickey, and now everything looks weird to him.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: So you were riding your bike on the wrong side of the street. What were you thinking, Brendon? Brendon: Nothing. Oh, wait, I was trying to remember the name of the guy who played Tron, in Tron.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: You say one more word and I'll hold you in contempt. Coach McGuirk: Oh, it was Bruce Boxleitner. Brendon: Right! Thank you!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Melissa and Jason continue to argue over the jokes for their script] Brendon: You know what? This is hard, and I think I hate doing this.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: OK, I'll do the community service. And Mom, I'll help you pay for the damages. But your Honor I just want you to know this.: I have learned absolutely nothing. Good day. Judge: Brendon... Brendon: I believe I said good day!
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa Robbins: You had an affair? And now she's trying to kill us? How could you? Brendon: I'm sorry. Melissa Robbins: Who is she? Brendon: Just some woman. Melissa Robbins: Is it because I'm fat? Brendon: No... In fact, she's fat too.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dixie Smithley: Excuse me... hi! Hi! I'm Dixie Smithley from Channel 1 News and I wanted to congratulate you kids on your award! Brendon: Oh!... Dixie Smithley: I'd love to do a piece on you three kids! Jason: You mean, um... beat us up?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Thurmond: Tomorrow I'm going to beat the pants off you, Small. Brendon: Then I guess I won't bother wearing any. Thurmond: And try not to cry when you lose. Brendon: Thanks for your advice, and let me just say this. [blows a raspberry in his face]
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Now don't misunderstand me, adjectives are good, but one...two...eight adjectives in a row are more than enough to describe some little red boat. Student: It's a big green boat. Paula: Whatever. You get my point.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: So... what were you saying? Brendon: Move the flowers. Paula: No, before that. Brendon: This meatloaf is dry. Paula: No, before that. Brendon: This is meatloaf? Paula: No, before that. Brendon: This fish is dry.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brendon films a movie starring Melissa and Jason as Bonnie and Clyde, who are trying to steal a car using a coat hanger] Jason: This isn't working. I can't get into the car. Melissa: I thought you were a criminal! Jason: I am a criminal. I stole the coat hanger, didn't I?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Thank you all for coming here today! Male Student: We go to school here! Brendon: Well, okay.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Therefore I shall resign the presidency, effective at noon tomorrow. Male Student: Tomorrow's Saturday! Brendon: Okay, noon today. Male Student: It's 2:30! Brendon: All right! 2:31, I shall resign officially at 2:31 today.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: But you did steal all those supplies and beat up those kids and stole the CDs. Shannon: Yeah, Because that's what I do, I'm a thug. We've been over this. What is so hard for you to understand?
tv-homemovies	food	tv-quote	general	0	Coach John McGuirk: This sausage is probably eighteen years old... This sausage could vote. It could go to war and die for its country.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach John McGuirk: He left me a frozen sausage that's what you're telling me...oh my life.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Melissa, how high can you jump? Melissa: How high do you need? Brendon" 18 feet. (She jumps up a short distance) Jason: That was a haiku.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Brendon, can, um, I have another pudding? Brendon: You already had six. Jason: No way. Brendon: Way. Jason: Wow! That was my goal, but it happened so fast.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: We need effects, guys. Jason: Oh, yeah, like some, uh, bones cracking or... Brendon: Yeah. Oh, I think we need to suspend Melissa in midair when she kicks me...in the stomach. Melissa: I said I was sorry.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Junior: The Skunk Scouts are like a second family to me; a family that all wear the same clothes. Brendon: Well I would have to be like ultimate skunk commander or something. Junior: Oh you have to earn that. You see this badge, I got this badge for earning that badge.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach John McGuirk: Alright let the games begin. Jolly Jeepers this sucks.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [narrating video]] "Who is Fenton Mulley? I mean, Fenton sounds like a drug to take care of a rash or something... Honk, Honk!" Fenton: Not that funny.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [narrating video] Fenton is... thoughtful. Girl in Duck Sweater: Do you like my new sweater? Fenton Mulley: Is it supposed to be ugly?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [narrating video] Fenton is... generous. Fenton Mulley: [playing tug-of-war with doll with his foot on Perry's face] It's mine! Perry: I just want to look at it! Fenton Mulley: I don't care! It's mine! Don't look at it! Perry: Walter? W-where are you?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Oh, by the way, we're going to meet my girlfriend Linda at the zoo, since you've agreed to go to the zoo. Brendon: What, is she one of the exhibits? Andrew: Let me tell you something, she could be. Brendon: Is she an animal? Andrew: No, you're not kidding.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: The Sumatran tiger, panthera tigris sumatrae. Says here it's a very beautiful anima, and very rare. Brendon: I like my beautiful animals medium rare. Andrew: Good one. Brendon: Thank you.
tv-homemovies	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Linda:: So, can we leave now? Andrew: Well, actually we're waiting for the Panthera tigris verius rarus to come out us. Brendon: He's a very shy animal. Linda:: Why don't you just throw a rock at it? Andrew: We should probably just get going Brendon: Yeah, let's get going.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Hey, can you see the stars? Brendon: [looking through a telescope] Those people are famous? Andrew: Stop looking in people's windows, Brendon. Brendon: Hey did you ever see any murders? Andrew: No.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda:: Where's my blue towel? Andrew: Huh? Linda:: Did you take a blue towel off the shelf? Brendon: I, uh, I might have, what color was it? Linda: Yeah, I think you did.
tv-homemovies	family	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Things are going to be different, Brendon. Now that I'm living closer, we're going to spend a lot more time together. Brendon: Will I see you next weekend? Andrew: No, next weekend I'm in Dallas. Brendon: Oh.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Brendon, maybe this will help. One night I walked into my parents' bedroom, and my parents saw me naked. Brendon: You were naked? Jason: Yeah. Melissa: Why were you naked? Jason: I love it.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: All right, everybody, quiet do
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[About the movie they made] Jason: It feels soft Melissa: I think it feels flat. Brendon: Yes, soft and flat like a bathroom rug. It also feels forced. Like somebody forced a bathroom rug into something. Like a hamper.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Guys, should we maybe rehearse this more when we shoot it? Jason: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, no. Brendon: Yeah, nobody's acting is that bad.
tv-homemovies	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: You're acting like a child. Andrew: What does that mean? Brendon: Wait, me or him? Linda: Both of you. Brendon: Well, I am a child, so, thank you.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Hey, I've got an idea. Let's reschedule the race, and we'll just let Linda win. Andrew: Brendon, do not patronize Linda. Brendon: I thought I was patronizing you.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: I can't believe we're arguing about shoes. Linda: No, don't do that. It's more than that. Brendon: Maybe we should argue about something else!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Listen, doctor, I'd like to apologize for everybody's bickering. Brendon: And I'd like to accept our apology.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [to the therapist] Uh, yeah, that's very interesting. I like what you said about the things, and--I'm sorry, I wasn't listening at all.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: How was school, Brendon? Brendon: [reading the food menu] Blah. Andrew: Well, great. And how was your day, Linda? Linda: [reading the food menu] Um... Andrew: Fantastic.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon:Did you ever go to a therapist? McGuirk:Well, ya, sometimes you gotta do certain things to reenter society.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: Principal Plumb! Beautiful morning, isn't it? Coffee machine is on the fritz again, so I threw it on your car. Sorry. Is it, uh...could you check if it's working? No?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Hey, Brendon, you know Mr. Lynch called me today. Brendon: Mr. Lynch? Paula: Mm-Hmm. Brendon: You mean my Mr. Lynch? Paula: You don't own him. Brendon: Yes, I do. He's mine.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fenton: I gotta pee. Paula: Wait. Did Brendon get off bus already? Fenton: I can't wait! It's a bodily function. Bodily functions don't wait! Paula: Okay, go inside but come right back.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walter: Perry is gonna be sick. Perry: I have seasickness. Walter: I keep telling him we're on land, but he won't listen. Perry: It doesn't matter. Land or sea, I get seasick on the bus.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Mr. Lynch, do you have Walter and Perry on your list? They're not on my list. Lynch: I don't bother listing them. They never run away. Paula: Never?
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Walter: If you throw up, I'll throw up. Perry: Okay, let's both throw up at the same time. Count of three, okay? Walter: Okay.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walter: Perry, I want to stay in a hotel. Perry: I want to live in a hotel. Walter: I want to be a hotel manager. Perry: I want to be a maitre d' Walter: I want to be a bellhop. Perry: I want to be a waiter. Walter: I want to be a bell. Fenton: Shut up. Perry: Okay.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: [lifting weights] 48...49...and 50. [sets the weights down] Fenton: Ahem. That was only 49. Ken: No, no it's 50. You did not count the first one. Fenton: No, I counted the first one. It was 49. Ken: Listen to me you little punk...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: [on her cell phone] Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. Thank you. Bye. [hangs up her cell phone] They found Alison. She was at the airport. She's fine.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Perry: I'm awake. Are you watching me sleep, Walter? Walter: Yes. You're beautiful when you sleep. Perry: Watch me now. Walter: Okay. Shut your eyes. Perry: I shut my eyes. Walter: Oh my god. It's beautiful.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: Well, what did they ask you about? Brendon: Historical figures. McGuirk: That's not important. Like Jimmy Hoffa? Brendon: No, more like Washington. McGuirk: Well, just plug in the Area 51 answer.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	The lyrics to "Mr.pants" rap, performed by Dwayne
tv-homemovies	life	verse	general	0	You'll scream for your life cause you won't be happy My name is Mr. Pants and I'm actually kind of grabby Mr. Pants is my name and I'd like to say hi Give me a call we'll hang out some time I'm Mr. Pants!
tv-homemovies	life	verse	general	0	I'm the furry fella getting in the land My name is Mr. Pants I'm the kitty cat man Nobody's gonna stop me from having my way My name is Mr. Pants and have a nice day...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Pants!!!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: DVD PLAYER!!!!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walter and Perry: we hate fenton, we hate fenton.
tv-homemovies	life	quip	general	0	Students: he was a good test subject...I'll call the cops.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Jason, I'm going to leave you. Jason: No. Brenden, no. Brendon: We have to leave each other. Jason: No, Brenden, we only have each other. And food. Brendon: Jason, we have to leave each other. We can't do this anymore. Jason: [sighs]
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [holding onto Brenden's foot] But I love you. Brendon: It was nice knowing you. [sniffle] Goodbye. Jason: [sigh] Goodbye... my sweet fat prince. [long pause] Leave the chips. Brendon: OK.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Do you think I'm a horrible person? Jason: No, I think you're very pretty Melissa: I don't mean horrible to look at, I mean horrible because you're my sister's fiance and we just had an affair. Jason: Oh, then yeah.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: What the hell is wrong with you people. Are you on drugs? Brendon: No. Melissa: No. McGuirk: With all the nicknames. What are those, drug nicknames? Melissa: They're band nicknames.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perry: Sounds trite. Walter: Yeah, it sounds like it's been done before. Paula: No, I don't think so... Walter: Lame! Perry: Double Lame-o! Walter: Yeah! Perry: Double Lame-O Donkey D*ck! Walter: Sucking on the Witch's T*t! (Walter and Perry embrace and fall down, laughing)
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: What's detention? Brendon: It when they make you sit in a room and...that's about it. Jason: So it's like therapy. Brendon: Kind of.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Hey, you mind setting the table? Dinner's going to be ready soon. Brendon: Can I do it after dinner? Paula: Sure.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Um, wait, so these are videotapes of the movies we made? Brendon: Yeah. They're the videos of them. They're the movies, Jason. Jason: We were taping those movies? Brendon: Yeah. Jason: Well...let's burn them.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Box-Bots] Jason: Tell my girlfriend that I will miss her. Brendon: I can't. We're all being caught. Jason: Well, tell me that you'll miss me, then. Brendon: I going to miss you. Melissa: Here they come. Brendon, Jason, & Melissa: It's time to pay the price.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [talking about the movie they made] Brendon, this is the one that you ripped off "The Verdict". Brendon: I didn't rip off "The Verdict". We ripped off "The Verdict".
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [talking about his finger] That isn't loaded, it is? Pendlehurst: What did you say? Brendon: Ahem. Your finger...it's really, really close to my face. I'm having intimacy issues with it. Pendlehurst: Stand up...right...now.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Prisoner: Boo! Booooo! Jason: Uh, I think this guy is actually trying to scare us straight.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[music video] Jason: The T to the P to the P [Brendon joins in beat boxing] Jason & Melissa: P to the A to the Y Jason: It's time to pay the price today.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: I'm Melissa.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendan: (to Melissa) You read a book a month? Man, it would take me like a year to read a book a month.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: (to Brendon) Quarter for the bus, quarter for the bus. The end. Hey Brendon, the end.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: I'm a Big Beautiful woman..... These are Chunky Soup Cans. (As he grabs his bra)
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: One plus two equals McGuirk. Two plus four equals she's hot. Six minus four equals McGuirk's happy.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: Oh my god it's death! Melissa: Coach it's me Melissa. Coach McGuirk: Oh my god it's Melissa! Melissa: This is my costume. Coach McGuirk: Hey you know Melissa you shouldn't be walking around the hospital dressed as death.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: What else are ya gonna do, Lynch? Are you gonna spank me? Spank me. Lynch: McGuirk... McGuirk: [pulls down pants] Here. Here it is, spank it.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: I can't believe the water is hotter than the air! Jason: Don't talk Brendon, I'm peeing.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Random Campers: RABBIT TROOP SUCKS!!!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crywalkers: MAN-HUG!! McGuirk: Brendon, try these leaves. They're poisonous.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: I am Noodles. How's it goin'.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fenton: He punched me. Mr. Lynch: Who did? Brendon: Fenton. Fenton: Uh, me did. It's a lighting thing.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: Everybody move, I got to back up. [he backed up but got bumped by a box] Oh, my God. Somebody move that box over there! [He backs up again, but got bumped yet again] Oh, [censor beep] it. [he backs up again but this time the car hit down the stage] Audience: [clapping]
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Well let's kill Simon and eat him. Jason: Let's just kill someone. Brendon: Yeah. Jason: Yeah, I mean how many times do I have to hint. Brendon: Okay, well we're all in on this you know that? Jason: Thank you, I mentioned it like seven times.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Don't get into show business, Josie. Don't spend your life being dragged down by projects that you lose interest in and have to sneak away from. Jason & Melissa: [searching for Brendon] Brendon! Brendon: Where's my childhood gone, Josie?
tv-homemovies	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Junior: One time we come so close to killing a bear, but the guy from the zoo was like, "Get out of here!", and we almost kill a mountain lion, and an alligator, we threw a penny on his head.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [to the investors] Again, I'm sorry about dropping your baby. It's a very heavy baby.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [to the investors] Oh, your baby is eating one of the action figures, that can't be good for him.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eugene: We get trophy if we win race, at spaghetti dinner it is also award ceremony. Ha ha, I will be victorious over you. Junior: There's something very diabolical and informative about Eugene.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Why should I take your side? Brendon: Because you love me. Paula: I do love you, Brendon, but that won't hold up in court.
tv-homemovies	food	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: It's Spaghetti Time!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk- I've got to agree with your mom, Brendon. Cursing is a sign of ignorance. [to referee] Oh [censor beep], ref! Please! [to Brendon] There's no place for cursing in a civilized society.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon Small - Nobody cares about him. Nobody cares whether he lives or dies. I'm all that [censor beep] piece of [censor beep]s got.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula Small- What?!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon- Nothing...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Referring to the dog) Jason : He's been splattering poop like a monkey's racehorse.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	(referring to Taunto) Coach McGuirk: Next time that thing comes near me, I'm gonna eat it. I'm serious!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perry & Walter: Yea for Brendon!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perry: Chase the butterfly! Walter: Smash the butterfly!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Brendon, is your grandfather really dying? Brendon: We're all dying, Melissa.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendan:Did you just say "weeeow?"
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: That's insane you don't have any poof. Brendon: Poof? Melissa: Proof!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Weeow!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: Well what time is there? McGuirk: What do you mean what time is it there??? What time zone are you in!!! Doctor: Don't call this number again
tv-homemovies	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	(during his eye surgery) McGuirk:- I smell burning eye.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Alright we get the point. Fenton: No I don't think you do. Junior: Horrible. Fenton: Terrible. Junior: Boo. Brendon: What the hell do you guys know about anything? Walter: Don't get mad at us, Brendon. We're your audience. Perry: Yeah, you need us.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Debbie: [on intercom] That was the ornithologist. The results were negative. Harvey: Thank you.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge Mightor: Order... order in the court room. Uhhhh lord I have had enough of you two! Now Mr. Birdbath... beanbag whatever your name is. SIT DOWN AND SHUT YOUR HOLE! Now Mr. Vulture... Vulture? Vulturo... opening arguments.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mightor: State your first name, your last name, and your occupation. Lizardman: Lizardman, Lizardman, and Lizardman.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey Birdman: Dr. Quest, tell us a little about your relationship with... Dr. Benton Quest: Well, Race and I met one night... Harvey Birdman: [gritted teeth] With your boys!
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey Birdman: I want you to know that your father loves you both very much. Jonny Quest: But he throws like a girl. Harvey Birdman: So did Martina Navratilova, but that doesn't mean she wasn't macho in many other important ways.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mightor: BOOTYLICIOUS! Harvey: Yes your Honor? Mightor: Your Witness...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey Birdman: Avenger, call Doctor Quest. Avenger: CAW!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: When I say the word "superhero", what names come to mind? Wonder Woman. Aquaman. Superman. Birdman. These are names... Juror: Uh, excuse me, I don't think of Birdman. Harvey: Not my point...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: Back off! I've got a shrink gun. Who touched my ankle? Gun! Do you think I dont see? You dont think I feel your eyes like grubby little fingers, little children's fingers on my body? Back off! I will make you teensy.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reducto's opening statement] Reducto: What kind of stinking superhero loses his powers to a cup of coffee in the crotch? That's all I have.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Mr Vulcan, tell us about your superpower. Black Vulcan: Pure electricity... in my pants. Harvey: Tell us, what would life be like without your powers? Black Vulcan: Well, you know when the power goes out in your house? It would be like that... but in your pants.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Apache Chief grows and fills the courtroom] Mightor: [smiling] Chief got his teepee back. Case dismissed.
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: So consider that your first lesson in lawyering, clerk. [Peanut stares at him blankly] The job. It's yours. Congratulations Peanut: Well gosh, that's great. Do I get a gun? Harvey: Sure!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Velma: I know the way it looks, Mr. Birdman, but that's just the way they are. Daphne: They always act that way Peanut: [to Daphne] Oooh. Sprechen ze sexy. Harvey: You mean those boys weren't... Guard: [to someone offscreen] Hi! Fred: Nope, they're just stupid.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: There are two lives that depend on me giving the performance of my life in court tomorrow. Bartender: Scotch? Harvey: Hell, yeah! Let's get stinko!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil:: Defend the bear, Birdman. And don't forget, I'll be keeping my eyes on you. Harvey: Eye. Phil:: I didn't know you were Scottish!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto:: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. This... animal, here, this ursine fellow - UNCLEAN! - He rejected society and retreated to a cave in the woods to plot his vile, [points his shrink-ray at the jurors] NOD! Nod at what I am saying or I will shoot!
tv-harveybirdman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Manager: Oi. [subtitle:They stole our song.]
tv-harveybirdman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Hmmm. It says here that if a person's not married by the time he's 35, he's got a better chance of being robbed at gunpoint by a desperate and somewhat bloated Christian Slater.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Yo, Bird. Shoyu Weenie. Harvey: You know them? Peanut: Sure. [sings] "Banaaanas. Ice creaamy. Veg-e-ta-ble. Steam steeaaamy!"
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Band member: [speaks Japanese] [subtitle: Do you think we have a chance?] Harvey: [nods] Hakujin. [subtitle: White Guy]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Band Member:[in japanese] I'm hungry. Harvey: Aren't you cute. Here's a football. An American football. [Hands the band member a football with "Made In China" on the side]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: All's fair in love and bouncey-bouncey!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: I missed you last night. At the bar. Where you said you were going to meet me. THAT bar. [starts jumping as if he's grossed out] I touched a public phone to call you. AND YOU WEREN'T THERE!!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Phil Ken Sebben: Do you know what this means to the firm?! The billable hours?! I can finally build that lake house, and I'll run around naked all day. Ha ha... dangly parts.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Sorry I'm late all but I just got the phone call to come over... I mean, I was just summoned by the spheres! [Imitates Theremin] anyway they said go to 101, we can't find the other guy. When your Broca's a broka? My god, man, get a writer!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a bird with a strangely shaped beak testifies against Fred Flintstone] Can Opener: The guy's a pig; a Neanderthal. Fred: You're dead to me, can opener!
tv-harveybirdman	family	tv-quote	general	0	Fred Flintstone: Marone! Will you clean this child [Pebbles]. She smells like dinosaur doodoo!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: [After being kissed by Thundarr the Barbarian] Wow, that's a man kiss.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Falcón: Gracias. Phil: Ha ha... sissy European lisp thingy.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: [Looking at Falcón]: I think I can safely say that Blue brings something to the firm we didn't have before. [Looks at Harvey Birdman]. Not this. This is something here before NOT we have.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Step off, Holmes! Peanut: Oh, I was trying, just trying to talk about your tattoo. Harvey: You wouldn't last two minutes in my world!
tv-harveybirdman	society	quip	general	0	Harvey: 12 Jurors. 1 Judge. 1/2 a chance
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X, The Eliminator: Birdman! Prepare to meet thy fate! Harvey: Thy?
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Debbie: Your lunch appointment is here... for tomorrow. [Harvey looks at his watch that says 9:00]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[awkward silence] X and Harvey at the same time: Coffee!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Secret Squirrel: "Never fear, madam, Secret Squirrel has just what you need right here!" [woman screams] "Wait! I didn't even pull it out yet!"
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Inch-High takes off his towel in the sauna] Phil: Ha ha, not to scale.
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Let's see here, ARBITRATION. [High voice]Thats for people who are too teeny to go to court, teeny wiennie, peenie.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devlin: Ever hear of "imitatable acts"? Harvey: Oh, great movie! Eszterhas.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: [after failing to get an injured boy to physically react to certain things] You said you saw him scratch his nose! Peanut: Yes! When they were prying him off his little wheelchair, he was all [whines and swats the air like a sissy]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil Ken Sebben: That reminds me, Birdman! You're Fi...Ernie Devlin? Devlin: Yo? Phil Ken Sebben: It's me, Phil! Ken! Seb...Ben...Phil.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devlin: Is it hot in here... or was I just engulfed in flames? And broads?
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: [to Avenger at his going-away party] So. Twenty years, huh? Avenger: Caw. [long silence] Potamus: This blows! Who's up for a Hooter's run? Bear: *grunt* Potamus: What? Hooter's? For the bird? It's an owl reference! Reducto: Big bosoms make me nauseous.
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jane: Hard day at the button, dear?. George: Oh, it was brutal...brutal! I had to push the button on and off five times. That Spacely's a slavedriver.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil:[slaps Orbity] YOU HUSSY! YOU CHEATING COB! [Orbity whimpers]
tv-harveybirdman	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Priest:[in the year 4063 A.P., everyone is worshiping potamus] I got that THING, he sent me!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: They came to anally probe me!! HA HA! Third kind.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Pleased to meet your Mr. ... [Laugh-O-Lympics committee member grabs Harvey's stapler, putting it in his pocket] Harvey: My stapler seems to have fallen into your... Phil: Ixnay on the aplerstay, okay... ay? This is the big time, Laugh-O-Lympics, Birdman.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: GiGi! You look absolutely...[GiGi turns around and Potamus notices she's pregnant] Gotta run.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: I've met the un-shrinkable!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: I'd like to welcome you all to the bi-annual... Ha ha ha! Bi! Sebben & Sebben Board of Director's meeting.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: [opens the door for Doggy Daddy] Doggy Daddy: Just tell me what you want me to do. Phil: [stands there silently] Doggy Daddy: [tries to go through the door, and Phil slams it on his muzzle.]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: [humping Doggy Daddy] I'm the alpha male! I AM THE ALPHA MALE!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Birdman, this is Dvd, our new efficiency expert. Harvey: Interesting name. Norweg...? Dvd: Was "David". I eliminated the vowels to save time. Phil: Brllnt!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Mr. Birdman, you clearly have something on your mind, know how I know tha- Harvey: Yeah yeah, Mind-taking Mentok: WATCH YOUR TONE WITH ME MR. MAN... BIRD... THING!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Hey, Dvd, What if we just combine the urinal and the water fountain? [unzips his pants, causing the guy drinking from the fountain to spit out water]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Harvey, it's come to my attention that you're not using both sides of the toilet paper. You're wasting a ply!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: If it's yellow, leave it mellow. If it's brown, flush it down... maybe.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Ha ha ha, Noses on dowels.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Blue Falcon: Senior, have faith if you could do me a favor. Birdman: Sure. Blue Falcon: Before you enter, could you expectorate on me. Birdman: Sorry? Blue Falcon: Expectorate, como se dice? Spitting?
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Quickdraw: "The right of the people to keep and bear arms," Mr. Birdman, "shall not be infringed." Harvey: Wait, I've heard that. Quickdraw: Second Amendment. Harvey: Oh, yeah.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Harvey is reading Wally Gator's case file] Harvey: Operating a speedboat in protected waters... Operating a speedboat while firing a weapon... Operating a speedboat while operating a twelve pack...So, he's pretty much being charged for - Phil: Being a redneck. Yep.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Mr. Gator! I'm your attorney and I would love to come inside and... [loud explosion, sheep bleating] Harvey: Uh... For you to come outside so we can discuss your case in a civilised manner. Litigator to... alligator.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wally Gator: OK, I'm coming out! Y'all gonna tackle me? Police: A lil' bit. Wally Gator: Aw, sh**...
tv-harveybirdman	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Huh, I thought that a gator only ate what it killed. Wally Gator: Not when it's $2.99 a pound at the Costco!
tv-harveybirdman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: [in bed whimpering] I don't know quite what you're expecting but I must confess. This is my first time. Norlissa: You're right, baby. It is your first time. 'Cause until you've been with Norlissa, you haven't done it right.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Black Vulcan: [to Norlisa] So! You've got a new man! Is that what it is? Baby...WHOO!! You lose your gym membership or something? I like 'em big, but mm... Norlisa: What?! When's the last time you went to the gym?! Look at that big old gut on you that looks like one big ab!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Take downs are worth two points. [A bra lands on one of the monks.] Phil: Ummm... Three if you're topless. Monk: I see...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Some 'un got a summons.
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: I'm being sued! Right? Peanut: Yeah... I think that's fair to say. Harvey: Quick, I need a lawyer! Peanut: ... Wait... Harvey: I need a good lawyer!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shado: Fools! I am SHADOOOO THE BRAIIINNN THIEF!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shado: All part of a class action suit against this supposed "hero."... Harvey to Potamus: Class action suit! And your opening statement was about that thing you sent them? Potamus: [points at large chested court reporter] Check out the ha-has on Miss Stenopad.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Nightshade: Look, I'm Professor Nightshade. PROFESSOR Nightshade, I don't care who you are, you show a professor a little respect. You don't just shoot him 5-no wait (looks into his pants and nods as he counts) fi-no six, six! times in the nads!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: I can't feel my leg! My third leg!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Hello? Western Union? Are you in? Birdman: Huh? Oh.. Oh no, I'm out of chips! X: Maybe, there's something else of value you can bet? Birdman: What? X: Like, the CCCCCRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEESSSSTTT on Birdman's helmet!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Whaddya got? X: Uh... Four. Kings. [pause] I WIN! I WIN! I WIN I WIN I WIN! [Dashes out the door, singing] Hey mister passer-by, CREST ON BIRDMAN'S HELMET! [Birdman's cell phone rings and he answers it, it is X] I WON!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X: [runs out of his room] LIGHT-UP CREST ON BIRDMAN'S HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE... [Scene cuts to Harvey's office. X runs in] X: ...EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELMET!!!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Birdman: And if I fire this, it should stun him enough so I can retrieve my... Peanut: Crest? Birdman: YES! [Birdman squeezes through oil covered hole, wearing no pants] BIRDMAN'S CREST ON X'S HELMET! [a pregnant pause] Peanut: Okay, that was creepy.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Oh, you do, do you? [X pops up in the background] X: The evil-do that I do do.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X: See, that lighting guy didn't do me any favors. Zardo: I think you look very good, I do think... X: I wonder if this was my 15. Zardo: No, No. Look at you. You're fantastic on television. You should be on television. X: It's occurred to me.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X: (singing) Hey, Mr. Passer-by! Crest on Birdman's helmet!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Everyone, it's Take Phil's Daughter To Work Day. Peanut: I hereby volunteer to show her the interior of every supply closet.
tv-harveybirdman	love	quip	general	0	Phil: I'm no Fred Flinstone, but I'm gonna make your bed-rock!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Birdgirl: Daddy!!! Phil: Ooh, that's hot! Say it again!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: That's it, you can't hang around anymore! This is not a game! Someone could have died back there, before any billable services were rendered.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: [while being shot with his shrink gun] Oh, sweet teensy bliss; goodbye, large world!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Falcon Seven: Birdman! A madman has stolen a sensitive military test rocket! Birdman: But Falcon Seven, I'm decoupaging! If I leave now, it may bubble! Falcon Seven: We need you, Birdman! Birdman: Auuggghhh!
tv-harveybirdman	life	quip	general	0	Grok: An oracle foretold of a pink feathered man-bird coming from the sky to bring pestilence and death upon our tribe. You bad chinga, brother.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: Sentcha decrees a feast and an orgy... Hell, an orgy sexy feast. Grok: That's Prince's best album.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: I'm not even pink! It's the spa terry!
tv-harveybirdman	love	quip	general	0	Phil: I'm not a marriage counselor, but I do have this whip.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: You speak English?! Grok: Why wouldn't I? Yet another cultural stereotype... Harvey: No, it's just that, uh, the dinosaurs and the grunting and all... where did you learn...? Grok: Three semesters at CSU-Long Beach. Cavemen: GO, NINERS!
tv-harveybirdman	science	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Peanut, if we're going to win this case, I need proof. Peanut: Proof of what? Harvey: Um... Evolution? [they come across an unnamed governor suspiciously-reminiscent of George Wallace at the schoolhouse gates] Peanut: I'd look elsewhere for that...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Mopey, mopey hippo!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spyro: [With the mind of a child] I had a bad dream. I wanna' sleep with you! Mentok: [Grinning] Who doesn't?
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Y'know, two dates...two nights...people will start a-talkin'. Are you comfortable? Gigi: Not with these clothes on. They're so tight and...clothesy. [Gigi rips off her dress] Mentok: [grinning] This is why I came to Earth [shakes fist at sky] Take that, Momtok!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: All right. Your judge had a frustrating, frustrating night last night so I'd appreciate it if everybody just played nicey-nice.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Eeney, meenie, miney, MINDSWAP!
tv-harveybirdman	life	quip	general	0	[7 Habits of Highly Flatulent People] Denial, Acceptance, Getting There, Cover-up, Solutions, Reforms, Exploiting your Talents
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there. I was busy counting my large sums of money. Ever get a paper cut from a $7,000 bill? Doesn't tickle. But you'll never have to worry about that!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[Harvey has a stack of documents to be copied] Harvey: Morning! Can I really get this in an hour? Elliott: Yes, sir. We'll have it done in two hours. Harvey: Ah, okay! Great! Two hours! Elliott: Come on back in four hours and we'll have it all ready for you.
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: What's the meaning of this? This is my quiet time. Hiram Mightor: We're going to have to take you into custody. Mentok: Ha ha. That's outrageous. What am I charged with? Hiram Mightor: Don't have to tell you anymore. Clearly you haven't been reading your Scalia.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: [to a janitor] Regarding the talc situation - you're out of it! Avenger: Potamus. Did you flush? Potamus: Who said that? Avenger: I did, fatass.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Phil fumbles a tranquilizer dart, which lands on his crotch] Phil: Ha, ha, HA! Numby nutkins!
tv-harveybirdman	food	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: Judy! Sweet tender flexible Judy is trapped by a rack!... (Judy is shown trapped in a food rack with bread around her)A rack of carbs!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: I have no idea? I was in a lunchroom trying to open a mustard pak, and now my clothes are all ripped up! You gotta help me... WHO AM I! (scene zooms out to see Peter with a woman) Hey, Hey! It's starting to come back!
tv-harveybirdman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Guy: Hey! You don't have the authority to hire people! Potamus: Oh yeah? (leans out the window where below, an attractive girl walks past) Hey HA HAS! You're hired!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Debbie: Two things: I'm going to lunch, and the office has degraded into sectarian violence.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Ha Ha Ha! Last laugh!
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: Hello and welcome to Bob's Burgers. The burger of the day is the "child molester" - it comes with candy.
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: No one sheds like this family, it's like a bunch of Chewbaccas.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: I hope they're using protection because I am not taking care of that baby.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: My grandparents are staying with us and they were both alive during Prohibition-so this is what it sounds like when they have sex in the room next to mine.
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Randy: Little girl, do you think cows should be ground up for food? Louise: Only if they commit adultery.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: So you're not going to get revenge today? Bob: No, Louise, I'm not. Louise: OK, got it. [Slyly] Then I won't bring your credit card... which I cut into a ninja star! Bob: Oh, you cut my credit card? Louise: Into a ninja star!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Teddy: I love bed and breakfasts. They're so quaint. Louise: Aren't they? Random strangers, shedding skin cells all over the house...
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: [as Linda drags her away] I'll see you, in hell Teddy! I WILL SEE YOU IN HELL!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Hey, kids. Louise: Um, hey, Dad. Bob: I had to get away from those anuses for a while. Tina: You mean Mort and Teddy? Bob: Um, no. Gail's paintings.
tv-bobsburgers	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Bob defiantly hangs up an "anus" painting. Edith gasps in shock] Harold: BOB, YOU ARE IN DIRECT VIOLATION OF MY WIFE!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: Is Dad going to jail? Tina: I'll wave at you every day. Louise: Word of advice: don't tell them what you're in for. Gene: I hope our new dad is blonde.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: I've been honest with these two ever since Gene got too fat. Gene: I remember the ice-cream sandwich that did it too. I regret nothing! Louise: And Tina, bad breath every day. Tina: Not if you like fish.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: Your room looks like it was decorated by a perverted jockey.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Mr. Frond. He's a tall glass of... annoying. Linda: That may be so, but you're gonna have to drink that glass, mister!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: When I die I want you to cremate me and throw my ashes in Tom Selleck's face.
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jimmy Pesto: You should keep your freaky kids locked up in your own place. Bob: [furious] What did you say about my kids? Linda: Hit him in his handsome groin!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Fischoeder: Bob, you may be the worst tenant I've ever had. And I rent space to a raccoon sanctuary! Bob: I know. They're next door. I've been meaning to talk to you about it.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: Our family doesn't celebrate Lobsterfest. We're like Jews on Christmas. Gene: Or Jews for Jesus on Hanukkah. Teddy: Or me at a lesbian bar. I went to a lesbian bar last night, Bob. It was like I was invisible.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: Let's release the lobster from whence it came! The supermarket!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tina: I already picked a corner for the bathroom. That one, where I went.
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Are you kidding? I wish I could afford urinal cake ads. Linda: Ooh! All this talk about cake is making me hungry!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Gene, how could you forget the name of the restaurant? You're there literally every day! Gene: I call you "Dad!" As far as I'm concerned, it's "Dad's Burgers!"
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Teddy: My uncle Paddy told me about it. He used to work in Caffery's, back in the fifties. He was his maid. Bob: Your uncle Paddy...was a maid? Teddy: All maids were men back then. Until women joined the workforce and took all the maid jobs away. Linda: Alright girls! Go girls!
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: [worried] They're not here! I got Tina's diary, let's see if it says anything. [reads diary] "Dear Diary, tonight we're sneaking into the dangerous taffy factory. Also, if boys had uteruses they'd be called duderuses". Bob: Ha, "duderuses."
tv-bobsburgers	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: I just can't get enough of the acoustics in this place! Here! What song is this? [bangs brick on wall] Tina: Aqua Boogie, by P-funk? Gene: Yes! Wow.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tina: I will punch you. Investigator: I will punch YOU! Louise: Ooh! He will!
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: I dreamed that I was breast feeding Gene again, but he had a long, white beard, like Santa Claus. It was really freaky. Gene: That should be our next Christmas card.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach: You know the rules. No hats on the gym. Louise: I have a raging staph infection under here. You touch this hat and we all go down! You want to play dodge ball in the hospital?
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: We have no PE for the rest of the year, my friends. Gene: Yeah! Who needs it? [Gene tries to open the door but can't] Tina: Here, let me try. [Tina opens the door easily] Gene: Wow. I should exercise.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Wow. Louise, You pulled a Caddyshack? Louise: What's a Caddyshack? Bob: You mean you didn't just throw a candy bar in the pool? Louise: No. Bob: Wow Louise: Yeah. Bob: That's impressive.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Are we just going to ignore the fact that Louise just pooped in the pool? Louise: Ignore it? I named it. Jezebel. Linda: Awwww. My little grandoody.
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: I had the video game company take your game away because I love you. It's like the time you took away the credit card from me when I was ordering all those porcelain babies.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: [referring to the game music on Burgerboss] That's the song I wanna lose it to. Mm-mm-mm.
tv-bobsburgers	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: It's the documentarian who hates Dad and puts wigs on cows! Tina: Werner Herzog?
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Cool, Mom packed tampons for lunch! Ollie: Oooh, share!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tammy: [to Tina] JUDGEMENTAL!
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: Bob, Gene look at yourselves, you're father and son! You're supposed to love each other, not kill each other; this isn't the Bible! This show has torn my family apart long enough! It ends now! Kids, cover your ears.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: What just frickin' happened?!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Bush: What's your name? Mudflap: Mudflap. Dr. Bush: Oh, Mudflap, uh... that was my grandmother's name. Mudflap: Really? Dr. Bush: No. No, you're named after a dirty part of a truck.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: Where are we? Louise: I think it's a country club. Tina: It's like a huge miniature golf course! Gene: The windmills are going to be enormous!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ticket seller: Oh, those kids are really getting it. I remember Hell Hunt. Still can't stand the sight of eggs. Won't eat 'em, won't touch 'em. Gene: What about a nice egg salad? Ticket seller: No more egg talk! Gene: Yes more egg talk! Ticket seller: Ahh! Gene: Eggs!
tv-bobsburgers	life	observation	general	0	Tina: If you think about it any box could have vibrators in it.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Refrigerator groans] Bob: Tina?
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: [addressing a large pot] Duvall, is that you in there? Duval: [from the pot] No one's in this pot. Go away. I am the spaghetti.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: I told them at the rollout meeting that anthrax was a bacteria, not a herb! Wally: No you didn't! Dilbert: Well, I was thinking it pretty hard!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Executive: Bob, you're like a son to me. Bob: You don't have a son. Executive: That's where I'm headed here. Bob: Oooh.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Do you think the guy who invented the mouse pad started with the name? What's a mouse pad? Wally: Heheh, feminine protection for mice. [Alice smacks Wally in the face with a book]
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Accountant: Walter is good with these name things. He just named his baby. PHB: How is Walter Jr? Walter: She's fine, thanks for asking.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vibrating chair store owner [speaking in a shaky voice]: Would you like to try a vibrating chair? Dogbert: Get out of my way, you pervert.
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Office worker: Help, Dilbert, I've been shot! Dilbert: "I've been shot!", "I've been shot!" - I have a few problems of my own you know! Office worker: Yeah I heard about the name thing, that's a drag...
tv-dilbert	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dilmom: Why don't you call your product the Gruntmaster 6000? Dilbert: What kind of product do you see when you imagine a Gruntmaster 6000? Dilmom: Well it's a stripped-down version of the Gruntmaster 9000 of course. But it's software-upgradeable.
tv-dilbert	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dogbert: As you probably know, all the good product names have been trademarked by companies who are competent. Wally: Competent? How are we going to compete with that?
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Boss: Ah - am I late? PHB: Right on time sir. Boss: Oh...in that case I've got time to make some phone calls. [leaves]
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dogbert causes all the chairs in the store to vibrate wildly] Vibrating chair store owner [shaky voice]: Will you be sitting down in any of these? Dogbert: No, I'm gonna run for it and you might wanna do the same.
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Loud Howard: The rumor is that they treat you like a human being! And I would love to be treated like a human being - just once!
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: This is impossible! How am I gonna get any work done if there's no tension?
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: What kind of madhouse is this?!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fred's head: Get out while you still can. Dilbert: Get out? Fred's head: Can't you see? We're severed heads in a jar! Dilbert: Well maybe it didn't work out with you guys, but that doesn't mean it won't work out with me. She really likes me.
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Alice: Team Lena is going down! Dilbert: Must one person's triumph be another's humiliation? Alice: Of course.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alice: She's making me think of sex at the same time I see you naked. Now I've got Dilbert and sex in the same part of my brain! Ow! Ow! Ow! Get it out!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: It's so small - I can't even find it!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dogbert: That's outrageous. Idiots shouldn't have money.
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Hold it - were you just reading a book? Wally: Are you bonkers - what makes you think that? Dilbert: My own eyes. Wally: Hardly a reliable source. Dilbert: I just saw you!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Insider trading is illegal - you could go to jail! PHB: Wally I'll need you to review the RFP for the BGA project before the IOC meeting. Wally: Well that has alibi written all over it. Are you in?
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: I thought you were supposed to buy when the stock is down. Dogbert: Have I ever lied to you? Dilbert: About a thousand times. Dogbert: You don't have to throw it in my face.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wally: Who died and made you the Dalai Lama?
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Wally: You do whatever you want. Me - I'm cashing out. Dilbert: You plan to retire? Wally: Retire? From what? I don't do anything now except surf the net - why should I pay for that? Besides, I really like the coffee here.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stockholder: You two are going to fit right in here, and I'm referring of course only to Wally.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: That's it! I've done it! Dogbert: That's not the word on the street.
tv-dilbert	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: What are you doing with my laser? Dogbert: Did you know there are no laws in space?
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Just out of curiosity, how often does an asteroid hit an exercise machine? PHB: A comet hit my Stairmaster - that's why I don't exercise anymore!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: You're going into space? Dogbert: Good observation, potato boy. I'll send you a postcard. Dilbert: I don't think you can send a postcard from outer space. Dogbert: Ooh, it can be done. But you might see a little jump in your next tax bill.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dogbert: So, you're welcome! Dilbert: Thanks, Dogbert. You really bailed me out. Dogbert: Ohh, it's nothing you wouldn't have done for me if you weren't you and I wasn't me and everything was completely different.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Garbageman: Well in that case he'll need the help of someone who is incapable of sympathy; someone so cynical that the suffering of others is nothing but a source of cheap entertainment. Dogbert: Oh alright - I'll go.
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Hey, hi. PHB: What an odd-looking people. Alice: It's us! From work! Dilbert: Remember? PHB: If only I spoke your language. Do you know where the pool is? The POOL? Swimmy swimmy?
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alice and Dilbert stare at the PHB. PHB: Ignorant wogs.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Shouldn't there be a guard-rail around that? Elbonian: Guard-rail? Haha, what is this, an amusement park?
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Alice: You can't put babies to work on an assembly line! Elbonian: These are not babies. They are toddlers.
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: Are those people dead? Elbonian: Technically, yes. But that's no excuse. Get to work you lazy corpse!
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dilbert: If you're going to change anything you're gonna have to organise. Elbonian Worker: Now you've lost us.
tv-dilbert	society	tv-quote	general	0	Elbonian Dictator: You will be read your rights, given a fair trial, then executed. On second thought, since we have no rights, and we have no courts, let's go to the execution.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Loud Howard: I, I cough, cough I've lost my voice!
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	Everyone cheers PHB: Sorry son, I couldn't hear you! Mhm, mhm, mhm.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	PHB: At this time it gives me great pleasure to do this.
tv-dilbert	work-money	quip	general	0	PHB scratches armpit PHB: Their sacrifices are a inspiration to us all - not to mention the cost-savings that go directly to the bottom line.
tv-dilbert	life	tv-quote	general	0	PHB: Secondly, we've stocked the first aid kits with these new wonder-drugs - placebos [pronounced plah-see-bos].
tv-dilbert	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Alice: I could sue you both for making this a hostile workplace. Dilbert: Ten minutes ago you beat a man senseless. Alice: He was senseless before I beat him.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: I just had no idea that the Patch could have side effects. Bill: And I had no idea you're only supposed to wear one at a time. Dave: How many were you wearing? Bill: Fifteen, sixteen. I sort of stuck them all around my waist like a belt.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Mr. James, I didn't see you come in. Mr. James: Yeah, that's the way I like it. Like, uh, that magician guy. What's his name?... Dave: David Copperfield? Mr. James: No. Dave: Siegfried? Mr. James: No. Dave: Roy? Mr. James: That's the one.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Sir, it's about the budget. Mr. James: The budget? Don't I pay someone else to think about that? Dave: That would be me. Mr. James: Well, then, why am I thinking about it? You know, you're not giving me much bang for my buck here, Dave.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: Do you have a special lady in your life? Dave: No. Bill: I'm sorry, that was presumptuous of me. Do you have a special person in your life?
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Have you ever taken naked pictures of yourself? [Long pause] Dave: [into speakerphone] Mom, I'm going to have to call you back...
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: You know, back in the service we used to have a saying, "You can't expect the troops to salute you if you're sleeping with the sergeant." Dave: (confused) What... what branch of the service were you in sir?
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: You're not in Wisconsin, Dave. The big story isn't about a cow wandering into the town square. Dave: Bill, I worked in Milwaukee, you know. It's a city with a population of a million people. Bill: So that must have been quite a hubbub when that cow got loose!
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catherine: If you ever broadcast my age over the air again I will beat you to death with your own microphone! Bill: [laughing] You may be 36, but you still have all the spark and sass of a 35 year old!
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[Bill sets up a cubicle around his desk] Dave: Have you thought about how this will make you co-workers feel? Bill: Actually, one of the great things about the cubicle is not having to think about my co-workers at all.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. James puts a heart shaped box in the paper shredder.] Mr. James: Ahh, shreddin' a heart. If that's not a metaphor for... something, I don't know what is.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: What's interesting about radio? Dave: Well I think it's a fascinating medium. Bill: You're from Wisconsin. Artificial light is fascinating to you!
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: I know you may find this hard to believe, but not everybody spends their whole day thinking about Bill McNeal. Bill: You're a true source of comfort, Lisa.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	(Beth just got Mr. James a lunch date with Melanie) Mr James: How much do I pay you? Beth: Not enough. Mr. James: That WILL be corrected. Beth: Uh-huh.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: I have a problem, can we talk in your office? Dave: Sure. Bill: Thanks, and for Pete's sake, take that off, it makes you look like a 12 year old...[takes hat off] Oh, I'm sorry, I thought it was the hat.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Well, well, well. A kingdom of fat men in mini cars. You must be very proud.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: You're telling me you don't want to go to New Hampshire because... your cats will kill you? Matthew: It's called responsibility, David. Wake up and sniff it.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: By the way, you'll be happy to hear that you're going to New Hampshire after all. Lisa: How come Matthew's not going? Dave: Well, apparently if he's away from home for more than 30 minutes, his cats start plotting against him. Lisa: And people say you're whipped.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: So, Theo, you want to work in broadcasting? Theo: Anything would be better than what I'm doing now. Dave: What are you doing now? Theo: I give motivational speeches for corporate events.
tv-newsradio	love	tv-quote	general	0	Beth: Theo makes me think he's doing one thing but he's really doing something else. He's just like every other guy I've dated except he uses props.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: (Repeated Line) Dave? [Coffee table falls over]
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catherine: This is the most childish stunt you have ever pulled. Bill: Au contraire, my dear. Gluing your pencils together was the most childish stunt I ever pulled.
tv-newsradio	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Catherine: Joe, get this off there. Get it off there, okay? Joe: You can't take something off the Internet. Catherine: What? Joe: It's like trying to take pee out of a swimming pool. It's in there, it's in there.
tv-newsradio	science	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Cards aren't a game of luck. They're a game of strategy, statistics, probability, and money management.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Can I talk to you for a minute? Dave: It better be good and it better be fast! Lisa: I was just about to say that.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: I am a cipher, a cipher wrapped in an enigma, smothered in secret sauce.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: Bill seems happy with 'adequate.' Catherine: Bill thinks having a bird crap on him is a compliment from the gods!
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Beth: That must be so demeaning, just getting coffee for people all day... Wait a minute...
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: I'm sorry Dave, but a budget is a budget is a budget, to paraphrase... Dave: Gertrude Stein. Mr. James: What? Dave: Yeah, "A rose is a rose is a rose" Mr. James: That's really pretty Dave but can we get back to the budget!
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: If I increased the budget every time morale was low, the guys in my asbestos factory would be driving around solid gold Cadillacs by now.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Matthew: I took third place in the costume contest last year. Dave: Really? What was your costume? Matthew: Motorcycle enthusiast. Joe: Gay biker.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Joe, why don't you just call in a specialist? Joe: I am a specialist. Dave: At what? Joe: At everything.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: Mr. Caan! James Caan: My father's Mr. Caan. Call me Jimmy. Bill: Likewise. James Caan: I'm sorry. I thought your name was Bill. Bill: It is. Easy mistake to make.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: you know, the forces of good and evil and constantly at war for my soul. James Caan: Yeah, well, that'll happen.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Matthew: Oh, Dave, oh my, you would have loved it... a week in a foreign place, strange people, strange customs. Dave: I know exactly what you mean, I've been to Canada. Matthew: Trust me, Japan is even more exotic. Dave: Clearly you've never been to Winnipeg.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beth: Doesn't he wonder how the candy got there? Mr. James: Nah, I think in Matthew's world candy elves are a common occurrence.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Well, you've got me, alright? Yes, yes, I'm Canadian. And I'm actually 46 years old, I'm secretly married and have two children living in New Jersey and at night I patrol the streets of Gotham City in my customized Davemobile.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Yes, I am Canadian.
tv-newsradio	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: It's not garbage. It's rap music. And I love it. The pulsating rhythms, raw bass line. This stuff speaks to me in places I didn't even know I had ears.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jimmy: And free advertising, well that's something you just can't buy.
tv-newsradio	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: Another time I was cut from the high school football team. And my mother said, "Central's lost a fullback, but the McNeals have gained a daughter".
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: You wouldn't know tough love if it stripped you to your jockeys and made you stand all night in the rain.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: The eyes are the windows to the skull, my friend. Dave: Soul. Bill: For those who have one, yes.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Joe, why is that kid duct-taped to your back? Joe: Because I needed both hands free to demonstrate the many other uses of duct tape!
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Have you ever heard the expression that you can catch more flies with honey than you can with vinegar? Bill: Have you ever heard the expression, "Only a hillbilly sits around figuring out the best way to catch flies?"
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: [in a high-pitched voice] Hey, everybody! It's me...Matthew! Joe: Dude, you're not Matthew. Andrew: Okay, obviously.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: I'll tell you what I'm high on...freedom! Catherine: Bill, you're locked up in a mental institution. Bill: And I've never felt freer.
tv-newsradio	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Bill, these people are insane. Bill: Oh, really? Then why did they elect me Prime Minister of Ward 15 this morning?
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Can't you ever just be sincere and normal? Bill: In real life? No. Dave: What do you mean, in real life? Bill: On the radio I open up completely, really bare my soul. Dave: You do news, traffic, and weather. Bill: But I mean it.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: According to these numbers, when Bill's show comes on people turn off their car radios, pull over to the side of the road, abandon their vehicles and walk home rather than risk hearing another second.
tv-newsradio	love	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: There is a very specific way you deal with a woman like that. You get down on your hands and knees and beg her to have sex with you.
tv-newsradio	life	observation	general	0	Brent: I like to try to categorize people by the animal they could be if they tried a little harder.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Look, man, I don't care what you say about me, but making fun of alien technology is just stupid.
tv-newsradio	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: No matter how far technology advances it's still just a bunch of wires connected to other wires. Beth: So what's wrong with it? Joe: I can't seem to find any wires.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: I'm rewiring the phones for speed-dial, so like, if you have to call 911 you don't have to push a whole lot of buttons.
tv-newsradio	life	joke	general	0	Bill: What exactly do scissors help you be prepared for? Mike: In case I get arrested, to cut the handcuffs. Bill: Handcuffs are made of steel. Mike: So are scissors!!
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[on making the station more productive] Mr. James: No, Plan A was a bust. I'd like you all to meet...Plan B. Andrea: Hi, everyone. Matthew: Planbee...what an interesting name... Andrea: Call me Andrea. Matthew: Nice to meet you, Andrea Planbee.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: Dave, please. You don't drop a piranha in a kiddie pool and then stick around to watch the bubbles.
tv-newsradio	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Did you commit any crimes that weren't SAT related? Lisa: I broke into a library. Beth: To vandalize it? Lisa: No, I had a big history test and the only copy of the Federalist Papers I had at home was abridged.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Matthew: Dave, when am I getting my job back? 'Cuz, I am going stir crazy. Dave: You have to have patience, Matthew. I'm doing everything I can. Matthew: Well, I'm doing my part. Dave: I know. Unfortunately, that is precisely why you were fired in the first place.
tv-newsradio	life	quip	general	0	Reporter: What did you mean when you said, "Feel my scales donkey donkey donkey donkey donkey?"
tv-newsradio	life	quip	general	0	Bill: Is it getting chilly in here, or are you wearing an anatomically correct bra?
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: I've got so many lawyers lined up to see me, you'd think I had tobacco leaking outta my breast implants.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Hear me well! As of today a new Dave is born. A Dave who for lack of better words is...pure evil.
tv-newsradio	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Sexual harassment is no joke, sweet-cans.
tv-newsradio	family	tv-quote	general	0	Beth: My mother always told me I had a beautiful singing voice. Bill: Well, my mother made me wear a dress 'til I was nine. They make mistakes!
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Bill, who is that man, and what the hell is he doing? Bill: Oh, Cadbury's my new manservant. Isn't that right, Cadbury? Cadbury: The master is correct. Dave: You hired a butler? Bill: I prefer the term "gentleman's gentleman".
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Dude, you can't adopt a baby. Bill: Why not? Joe: Actually I don't know why not, but there's gotta be some reason.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: Dave, there comes a time in every friendship when you have to say "I never liked you. Get lost."
tv-newsradio	family	dark	general	0	Bill: It's like my father used to say: "When I was a child, I thought as a child and spoke as a child. And when I became a man, I took that child out back and had him shot." Dave: Bill, was your father in the Khmer Rouge? Bill: Automotive sales.
tv-newsradio	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: Spare me. If I believed in fairy tales I wouldn't have dropped out of kindergarten.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: No, I am not paranoid, because I can say without a trace of irony...you're all out to get me.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: I agree. I think something needs to happen to relieve Matthew of this responsibility. Joe: You want me to kill him? Dave: No, I think that if something were to happen to the car the investigation might not be that aggressive.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beth: But, Mr. James, what if you're fatally injured, or even killed? Mr. James: Well, then let them say this about me, "He died with his balloon on."
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. James: Dave, please, I don't think now's the best time to regale you with stories of my world famous root beer jacuzzi.
tv-newsradio	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Matthew: [singing] Ted... He's dead... And the hobbits and the gnomes, they're dancing to and fro. They have to keep the plus 2 sword from the chaotic evil thief lord. Now we're rocking, now we're really rocking!
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Bill, is your life so boring that you have to fantasize about imaginary love triangles you're not even a part of? Bill: Yes.
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kid: Why does a radio station have a sheriff?
tv-newsradio	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lisa: Sorry I'm late. The chambermaid couldn't get my corset laced. Matthew: Yeah, I've been there. Lisa: You don't wear a corset, Matthew. Matthew: Not anymore, I'll tell you that much.
tv-newsradio	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: There are things in this life worth living for. Lisa: Like love? Dave: I was talking about coffee. By the way, do you have any? Lisa: Love? Dave: No. Coffee. Lisa: No. Dave: Well, then what's the point? [drowns himself]
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"SPUNKY!!!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	X day/night is a very dangerous day/night.
tv-rockos	food	tv-quote	general	0	You know, Spunky, sometimes grocery day can be a very dangerous day, but at least we got food.
tv-rockos	food	quip	general	0	"Excuse me, Earl... but garbage and dogs are not part of a balanced diet."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Heh heh, oh my..."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"It's Heffer, on TV, playing with sausage!?"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Come on Hef, let's go. I think I'm bleeding internally."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Good as new."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"For the love of cake!!! hide me!!!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"What in the hel...lo."
tv-rockos	love	quip	general	0	"If this marriage is going to break up our friendship, I'd rather be deported!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"I don't want to sleep! I don't need sleep! I am the walking living!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Why are you all dressed like wienies?"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"SHUT UP!!!
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Oh, a sad, crying clown in an iron lung, I've always wanted one."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Look, it's the Grim Recycler!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"That was a hoot!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Look out everyone! He's visually impaired!"
tv-rockos	tech	quip	general	0	"Through the use of sophisticated computer technology, and a box of crayons, we have constructed a likeness of Dingo today."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Chuck? Leon? Is my sausage skin suit ready? Chuuuck? Leeooon!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Naaakeeed."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Maybe We should try new Tropicial Plumber".
tv-rockos	food	quip	general	0	"Chewey Chicken is people!"
tv-rockos	food	pun	general	0	"I'm a glutton (pronounced as glue-ton)!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"(imitating Crappie Jack's accent) "So there I was, delirious with scurvy. The only thing standing between me and me treasure was 100 of the ugliest pirates known to Neptune."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"I'll make ya walk the poop deck ya big. . poop!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Man, it was great being old. Without my teeth, I could swallow food whole!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"I don't OWN any spandex!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"If you were a true friend, you'd burn my butt. C'mon, brand me, brand me, brand me."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Hey, Rocko. Which is funnier, bananas or cheese?"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Hey, Rock, do that funny face you make when you're buying eggs."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Go to the petunia at once, corn cob!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Makes a great meat substitute for undershorts!"
tv-rockos	life	dark	general	0	"You know, I died once."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"You'll have to excuse my friend here. He's never been old before."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Go away. Go to your homes. I will be your freak no more." "I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous..."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"You turn the page, wash your hands. Turn the page, wash your hands. Turn the page, wash your hands..."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Oh fishsticks."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Well this is your mom!"
tv-rockos	work-money	aphorism	general	0	"If a job's worth doing, it's worth doing adequately."
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Hey, pal! Get your buns out of my eyes!!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME HEFFER!!!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Citizens of Conglom-O, repeat after me. 'Wee-wee!'"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Hey Hef, ask me what time it is."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	(referring to Rocko getting a glass of milk naked) "And he ain't dressed for the occasion, if ya know what I mean!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	Look behind you! A wild pig!
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	High-five?
tv-rockos	life	dark	general	0	Bad luck and extreme misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity. "You saw my wife in her BATHROBE?! ... Isn't it awful?"
tv-rockos	life	dark	general	0	"I hate my life."
tv-rockos	family	tv-quote	general	0	"I HAVE NO SON!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"I'm calling the pound!"
tv-rockos	life	quip	general	0	"Hey you! Get out of my salmon bushes!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Ed good, Rocko bad!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"That sounded like a clown. I hate clowns..."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"GET OFF MY PROPERTY!" (Mr. & Mrs. Fathead on screen...) Mrs. Fathead: "Guess what I got??" Mr. Fathead: "A lobotomy!" Mrs. Fathead: "No silly, Watermelons!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Rocko and Filbert are fighting. They open the door.] Rocko/Filburt: "What in the hell - " (It's the deportation officer) Rocko/Filbert: " - lo..."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Heffer: "Where's the remote?" Peaches (this show's version of the devil): "Hahahaha, you poor pathetic fool. Still don't know where you are, do you? THERE IS NO REMOTE!" Heffer: AAAAUUUGGHH
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Heffer: Wait a minute! Heck? Isn't it supposed to be - " Peaches: (putting hand over Heffer's mouth) "Censors."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Heffer: (riding off into the sunset) Which do you think is funnier Rocko, banana or cheese? Rocko: Cheese, Heffer, definitely cheese.
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"[After Heffer accidentally reals in Rocko's underwear]" Heffer: "Filburt..." Filburt: "Yuck, get those away from me!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr.Cheese:I am the cheese. I am the best character on this show. I am better than the salami and the bologna combined.
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	"[After Rocko, standing in his house naked, hears Heffer and Filburt spying on him. Heffer and Filburt turn and run.]" Heffer: HE SAW US!!! I THINK HE SAW US!!! Filburt: Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ed Bighead: Rocko,what're you doing? Rocko: [With a paddle in his hand] We're playing spank the monkey.
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Heffer: You know, I died once. Filburt: Yeah?
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ed is spying on Rocko's backyard, where a nudist party is being held] Ed Bighead: Bev! Oh, I can't believe it! Do you know what that *weirdo* next door is up to? Bev Bighead: Oh, shut up and mind your own business, Ed. Ed Bighead: But, Bev! They're, well... *Nude*!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Excited, Bev grabs the binoculars from Ed] Bev Bighead:Oh, Ed! Oh, you're right! Yes! This is disgusting!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	[in whisper] Bev Bighead: Quick, Ed, get the telescope out of the hall closet!
tv-rockos	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Heffer: Wow, look at all the trees. (reading a sign) "Welcome to O-Town National Forest." Rocko: (reading another sign) "Enjoy Nature's Splendor." Rocko and Heffer: (seeing the Conglom-O Mall) Oooooooooooh, splendor.
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spunky: "Ruff, ruff!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Father Lion: (while Mt. Frosty guy makes off with his family's skis) And remember, children, always keep an eye on your equipment. There's alot of people who'd just walk up and grab everything you leave standing. Just like that, gone. Then what are you gonna do?
tv-rockos	life	dark	general	0	Fortune cookie: "Bad luck and (extreme) misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man on Subway: "WHOOOOO WEEEEEEEEE! Now i got sum swingin' room!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crappie Jack: "Arr, and then, I heard a scream so loud it could be heard down in Davy Jones' locker. Mickey Dolenz's locker too, and Peter Tork's locker. All the Monkees had lockers..."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crappie Jack: "Wooden legs...Wooden arms... (pulls off eyepatches) WOODEN EYES, TOO!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mortimer Khan: "Feel the strength of my two-ply!" "Feel the itch of real wool!" "Anglo-Saxon Hun!"
tv-rockos	society	tv-quote	general	0	O-Town Residents: "R-E-C-Y-C-L-E Recycle! C-O-N-S-E-R-V-E Conserve! Don't you P-O-L-L-U-T-E Pollute the river sky or sea or else you're gonna get what you deserve!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	O-Town Residents: "A great big rotting pile!"
tv-rockos	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Compost Heap: "So you see boys and girls, if you're not nice to mother nature, she'll kick our butts."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Salesman: "Spoon, from the people who brought you Fork." (trails off) "Coming soon, Knife"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peaches: (playing with a paddleball) "662...663...664...665...!" (misses) "sigh... 1...2...3..."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hippo Lady: "How dare you?!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grocery Store Customer: "My wife's a sea mammal!"
tv-rockos	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Recurring Wild Pig*: "I'm a wild pig!"
tv-rockos	food	quip	general	0	Random Person*: "Tamales make my bottom burble!"
tv-rockos	faith	quip	general	0	Son to Father: Son: "My teacher told me that every time a gas cap is found an angel gets its wings." Father: "Son, your teacher's full of snot."
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leon Chameleon: Holy enchilada!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Couch chasing Wedgie Boy: Sit on me!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Ick: YOU'RE FIRED!! I mean, THE END!!
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Movie-trailer announcer: "This time join the little Poots on a World War II war ship, in 'Das Poot!'"
tv-rockos	food	tv-quote	general	0	Sausage Cult Leader: "We only eat... SAUSAGE! We love... SAUSAGE!"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spunky: "You're asking me?"
tv-rockos	life	tv-quote	general	0	Voice: "Buy this! Food-O-Matic 2000."
tv-lookaroundyou	science	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Here is a model of a calcium molecule. Do you recognise the triple helix? If you do, write it down.
tv-lookaroundyou	science	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The largest number is about 45,000,000,000 although mathematicians suspect that there may be even larger numbers. Text on screen reads: 45,000,000,001?
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Maths stands for Mathematical Anti-Telharsic Harfatum Septomin.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: We use maths at almost every point of the day, whether we're working out how to thread our shoelaces, calculating the optimal moment on which to embark upon a conversation, or, if you can fly, planning your trajectory for the journey to work.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: (cutting into a boiled egg) Make sure you look out for the release of the new albumen... (the egg cracks open) It's out now.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Thanks, ants. Thants.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The gas mafipulates gently through the Jane Grey and into the water, causing bubbling. The mafipulation is allowed to continue for 5 minutes.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: If you look carefully, you'll notice that the water has changed colour from invisible to brown.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Bless you, ants. Blants.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	joke	general	0	Narrator: Germs originated in Germany, before rapidly spreading throughout the rest of the world.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Germs are basically a malevolent form of bacteria, with one purpose: to spread germs.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: You can pick up germs from a variety of sources, and because they're invisible they're almost impossible to see.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Moth apples are smaller than crab apples, sweeter too. Don't be tempted to eat them, as they are highly explosive.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: But there's no need to be scared of ghosts, it's a very childish attitude as the majority of them are quite harmless. This spirit is helping a girl with her homework, while this one is mending its master's caravan.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Ghosts. You may know them as ghouls or demons or spirits or spirims or spictrims.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: One way in which ghosts are different from man is that they can't whistle. Try as they might, the most they can muster is a rather feeble hiss. Perhaps it's because their lips are transparent and their tongues are see-through?
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: We will be using a household object famous for its iron content. Can you guess what it is? Correct. Champagne.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: (Talking about heat vision) You've probably seen this in action at your local dump, where it is used by the waste disposal industry.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: There are those that actually believe that this is music. They call it 'birdsong', but it's hardly a song. There's no real tune to speak of, just a cacophony of squawks and chirrups. What a racket!
tv-lookaroundyou	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: One can only imagine a world without music, though we'd probably get used to it after a while.
tv-lookaroundyou	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Here's a state of the art, song-writing computer, the 'Harrington 1200.' You've probably never seen one yourself because it costs almost a thousand pounds. Price tag reads £999.99½p
tv-lookaroundyou	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: But it's at the heart of the Harrington that we find the real musical motors that power this machine. DNA samples taken from the composers Gilbert and Sullivan.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: An enormous pair of scissors has appeared in the sky directly above the laboratory, and after a few moments, it's gone. It's an old experiment that you've probably seen before, but well worth trying nonetheless.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Here is a model of an iron molecule. And here is a model of a model, modeled in iron.
tv-lookaroundyou	science	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Man has been using iron since the stone age.% Narrator: What is the brain? If you don't know that, you've forgotten how to think.
tv-lookaroundyou	science	observation	general	0	Narrator: The brain is basically a wrinkled bag of skin, filled with warm water, veins and thought muscles. Think of it as a kind of modified heart, only with a mind or brain.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The opposite of the brain is probably the bum. It's nowhere near as intelligent as the brain. It doesn't have to be as it only needs to make very basic calculations. Man enters toilet, and locks door
tv-lookaroundyou	life	quip	general	0	Narrator: You don't have to be a brain surgeon to operate on the brain.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	(phone rings) Scientist: Hello? Narrator: It's the BRAIN.% Pam: Who could forget when the Post Office Tower spent 7 weeks at number one [due to a clerical error]?
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: Well, you've certainly given the ghost of Tchaikovsky something to think about.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: Thanks, Tchaikovsky, Thaikovsky.% Morgan: (after an unusual face-lift) Wow! I love it! Packard: Yes, the tusk really sets it off!
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr Franklin Fu: Medibot! Medibot: MEDIBOT!
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pealy: When you think of Pennsylvania, you probably think of pencils.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: Thanks, ants. Thants.% Continuity Announcer: Look Around You follows in a minute, but first we have the line up for St. Frankenstein's day.
tv-lookaroundyou	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Continuity Announcer: At 10:40 we have The Honey Programme, hosted by David Bumblebee.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Continuity Announcer: Imagine That is at 11:00, and this week the businessmen are trying to imagine The Two Ronnies having sex with each other.
tv-lookaroundyou	food	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: When you hear the words "fast food", you automatically think of one thing: casserole.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: Well, unfortunately, there never was an opening night. Only hours after that piece was filmed, Clive Pounds sadly died from complications following a wasp sting to his anus. And so, as a mark of respect, we will now observe a one-second silence.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: And now for your special birthday surprise. It's you, Pam Bachelor, at age 90!
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Continuity Announcer: Viewers may be pleased to know that Clive Pounds, who died during production of this program, has since come back to life.% Continuity Announcer: Look Around You follows in a minute, but first we have the line up for Antmas Eve.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: Thanks, Eddie. Theddie.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	quip	general	0	Teacher in dream: Idiot! Pidiot! Pridiot! Peroxamidiot! CABBAGE HALL IDIOT INVESTMENT FUND!!!!
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: Well, this trophy is made entirely from solid gold, plated with tin.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Birds of Britain narrator: (shows a picture of an arm) These are hand birds. That one is eating a worm.
tv-lookaroundyou	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peter: Thanks, Hanks. Thanks.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Behave Shapey, we're going to church! Shapey: Shut up!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: You know, Doughy, Reverend Putty's sermon today sure made me think. Doughy: But Orel, you know you're not supposed to think when it comes to God and faith!
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Hey Orel, wanna come over to my house and play? Orel: Can I, mom? Bloberta: Alright, but don't take any rides from strangers Orel: Why? Clay and Bloberta: Because you're in your good Sunday suit!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel and Doughy are walking through the cemetery Doughy: It's always so pretty. Do you think it's because dead people make good fertilizer? Orel: Hmmmmm...maybe
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gosh, you sure were right, dad Clay: Well, I guess that's why they call me dad...and not mom
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Hey Orel, what did you put for number 3 on the science test? Orel: Jesus. Doughty: Oh, of course!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: Orel, there are some things that are burned so deep into a person's subconscious that you forget just why they're there. You only know that they've scarred you in such a horrible and personal way that they must be right.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Why.......I mean, yes?
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: This is jive! Clay: Orel! I think you and I have a date...in my study!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rev. Putty: Friends, I look around this town and my heart breaks. But it's not the kind of heartbreak I get when a woman rejects me.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Figgurelli: Hey, how about working here? I can use an underage delivery boy that I can pay whatever I want.
tv-moralorel	society	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Selling crack is a very lucrative business right now. People love it!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: Orel, that pig died for you to eat, not peck
tv-moralorel	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Stinking dead-end job... Bloberta: Hello, sweetheart Clay: [Cheerfully] hi, honey!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: This is the proudest day in Diorama Elementary history. Never has the elimination of the Arts from the budget been so triumphantly justified.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Miss Sculptham, I have a question Agnes Sculptham: You heard the bell, Orel. No more learning today...
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach Stopframe: Clay, it's Danielle!
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: What's the best way to find out what your wife needs to be happy? Clay: Well, I guess the best way to find out what any woman needs to read what other men think women need
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Son, imagine my disappointment when I got a call from the hospital, and found you weren't sick or injured.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Remember, Orel: foul smells attract Satan. Bloberta: And we certainly don't want him near our toothbrushes.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Well, sure, there's a little bit of God in all of us, just not enough to do any good.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: I'm surprised at you, Orel; you know that only God and the government can decide who lives and who dies.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nurse Bendy: Look, I'm busy, just help yourself. Orel: Help myself to the sick? Nurse Bendy: Yeah; believe me, you can't go anywhere around without knocking one of THOSE over.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man: [On a stretcher] where are you taking me now? Paramedic: First, to Saint Martin's hospital for the broken neck; and then to State County Prison for the broken law.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gee, the Lord sure woks in mysterious ways! Reverend Putty: He's not mysterious, Orel; He works in one way. Give Him the opportunity...and He's gonna get ya!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: I'm never gonna be scared by tonight if I don't kill someone [Walks away sadly] Doughy: Poor Orel. [Looks up to the sky] what is wrong with you?!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Sorry to interrupt your dinner, Reverend. Reverend Putty: Company isn't an interruption, Orel. Just an occasional reminder of my involuntary solitude...
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay:Your friendship and loyalty to Joe led you to hurting other people. Orel: Yeah...those boys in the forest... Clay: No, I'm talking about your three real friends: Doughy, Tommy and the rest!
tv-moralorel	life	verse	general	0	Singer: My grandma fell off of the rooftop Oh, granny, you got some bad luck. But what she said when she fell on her head, She yelled out an ear-splitting "Ffffffollow Jesus, have faith in the Lord, "Praise his name and receieve your reward"
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: So you see, friendship is a complicated headache, but it's ultimately worth it.
tv-moralorel	food	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Hey, Reverend, wouldn't "devilled egg" make much more sense than "omlette" for Judas? [Pause] Rev. Putty: No.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Now let's go drink dinner. Orel: Don't you mean eat dinner? Clay: ........................Yeah
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Hey Orel, instead of throwing rocks at my dad's car, how about playing with me, Tommy and him?
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Orel, you know the rule: Don't upset your brother until your dad has had his first highball.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: No buts, young man. You need to behave more like an adult around here. Orel: But I'm only twelve. Clay: That's no excuse, why your own personal hero Jesus was very mature at your age. Orel: He was? Clay: Of course! At age twelve, he was already proving the Jews wrong.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Gee why are we sneaking' around this tavern Orel? Orel: Because Doughy I need to observe maturity and I figure there is no more mature place than... (Gets cut off by two guys stumbling out of the tavern fighting over whether football or hockey is better)
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Gosh Principal Fakey is kissing Nurse Blinkless. I don't understand - isn't he married to Mrs. Fakey? Orel: Don't question your elders, Doughy. Principal Fakey is in his 50's - he must know the best. We just don't understand yet.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Officer Papermouth: Don't get me wrong being alone is great. It's just that I don't know what to do with my money. Bartender: Oh I can think of a few things honey. Officer Papermouth: That's what I'm saying! I'll give you money!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: Have a good day at school, dear! Orel: Ehh, have a good day yourself... Bloberta: Hmm... Now where have I seen that behavior before? Have a good day at work dear! Clay: Ehh, have a good day yourself...
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Orel, drinking on a daily basis is not the only way to be an adult.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: You'd better get to bed, boys. Santa's coming, and he knows that kids who stay up late are jerks
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Boy, God. This sure didn't turn out to be the best Christmas ever. But You still have two minutes left... and I have faith in You. [Orel looks up to the sky as the camera is pulled back and Orel becomes smaller and smaller. The episode ends]
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	While talking with Bloberta about Shapey Clay: He doesn't even look anything like me...WHO'S BEEN INSIDE YOU?!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Putty: We we're all made in God's image. Now what does that phrase REALLY mean? I mean, if an ugly, fat lady is made in God's image, then how can a stuck-up, pretty lady also be made in God's image?
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy Figgurelli: Dad, can't I play just this once? Sal Figgurelli: No prob, Billy. But be home by three. We have to wash all the not-three-o'clock parts of the clock!
tv-moralorel	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Christein: Figgurelli, I hear the townspeople are all into this segregation mishegus. Oy, it reminds me of when King Herod got spilchiche because of our Lord and savior Sal Figgurelli: Huh? Mr Christein: You know. It starts with the stereotyping and ends with the kaputz?
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Playing is fun. What should we play? Orel: let's play church! Boys: Church? Orel: Yeah! Joe: How about "dodge glass?" [Throws broken bottle at Billy Figgurelli, who bleeds] You cut your hand with the glass, just like I wanted you too!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sal Figgurelli: Come on, everyone, in the attic! They'll never find us up here. Oh, Suzie, start writing in this [Hands over a diary] Suzie Figgurelli: Why, daddy? Sal Figgurelli: It's good, you know, for when you're dead!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Christstein Kids: Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, Jesus made it out of clay. Dreidel, dreidel dreidel, then made water into wine.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: You sure do work hard, Mr. Figgurelli Sal Figgurelli: There's three things we Figgurelli's do: we work hard, we love God, and we wish there was a third thing
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Hey, dad, want to play catch with me? Clay: Has gravity gone away, Orel? Orel: No, sir. Clay: Then don't ask me to take away the place ofsomething that the good Lord has already provided for you. Orel: Okay...
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: [Holding the dog] Mom, look what I found. Bloberta: Orel, you know that living animals aren't supposed to be around the delicious ones. Orel: I want to keep him as a pet Bloberta: Nonsense, you already have Shapey
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Come on, Orel, we don't wanna be late for Bible Youth Fun Club. You know how intolerant they can all be
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Now hand him over to Doctor Potterswheel, he has a shot waiting for him that'll be virtually painless; right, doc? Doctor Potterswheel: Well, i'm no vet; but, then again, i'm only gonna kill it
tv-moralorel	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gee, dad, does he have to die? Clay: With all that love being spread everywhere, this dog is dangerous
tv-moralorel	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: Animals have no souls whatsoever. That's what makes it tasty when we eat and drink them
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Coach Stopframe: Lord in heaven, have him call me. (Flips cross on wall upside down) Coach Stopframe: Satan in hell, make him call me.
tv-moralorel	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: My, you're working late Clay: Stinking-- Bloberta: Dead end job, uh-huh.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Wow, Orel, you're the best detective ever! Orel: No, Doughy, the best detective of all was King Solomon. He cleverly deduced that a mother never wants her baby cut in half Doughy: Oh yeah, that was some caper!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Hey, Orel, what did you get for number 7 on the anatomy test? Orel: Evil Doughy: Oh, of course!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: [Whilst scrubbing the floor] Bad dirt. Naughty, naughty dirt
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Reverend Putty, I can find out who stole that money for you. Doughy: For that nickel. Reverend Putty: Fine, have it. I guess I'm gonna have to rely on the ol' personality tonight.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Hi 'ya Joe. How much did you put in the tray this week? Joe: Nothin'. I don't have any stupid money. (Joe walks away; looks at the tray and smirks) Orel: Poor kid.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: [Carrying donation tray] Stupid walking around on my dumb feet!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Putty: Are you telling me that this is it? A nickel? Joe: Um, well, somebody stole the money. Reverend Putty: Stole?! But my whole sermon was abou-- Doesn't anyobdy lis-- That's God's money! I was counting on some getting lucky cash for tonight.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Your birthday? Why didn't you say anything, Miss Censordoll? Miss Censordoll: I prefer not to annually celebrate the emergence of my unclad body through such an unsavory passage as my mothers womb
tv-moralorel	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Censordoll twitches uncontrollably and writes "MOVIE TOO LONG AND BORING, DISTRACTS AUDIENCE INTO WHORING!" onto the blank picket sign] Miss Censordoll: Of course! That God, even he makes me feel inferior
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Miss Censordoll: We shouldn't tolerate evil just because it's convenient
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: What'cha doing, Farmer Phoney-Crops? Phoney-Crops: Just gettin' ahead on labellin' these plums, Orel Orel: Neat! I didn't know that was part of a farmer's job Phoney-Crops: Son, brand-namin' is more important than waterin'!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Is sin radioactive? Rev. Putty: Yes. That's why it's dangerous to get it near your groin. Doughy: Yikes!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Mom, God is perfect, right? Bloberta: Yes. He's the most handsome, understanding and...satisfying man a woman could ever ask for.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: Quite frankly, Mr and Mrs Littler; your son, Tommy, scored very low on his IQ test Mr Littler: I don't understand, he's always studying Principal Fakey: Studying never helps in IQ tests. That's why they're the perfect measurement for how stupid he is
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Putty: Now this is not to say that the pious life is completely devoid of joy. Oh, there's lot of great stuff! There's platonic friendship, nice weather, the thrill of a good night's sleep....uh....just to name a few.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: How do I look? Clay: [Very bluntly] Like you always do.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Why'd they have to leave, dad? Clay: Because they don't believe in God the right way. We simply can't mix with their kind, it's dangerous. Orel: But I like Christina Clay: Well, why not try being afraid of her instead?
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: Welcome to Moralton Poppet Posabule: What a lovely home. May I see your detergents? Bloberta: I thought you'd never ask!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[At the table, Orel is looking at Christina] Clay: Say, she's kinda cute, eh, son? Orel: She sure is! And Christina's such a nice name Clay: Of course! That's because of what it means. It means "Tiny, little, female Christ"
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: In this cold, cynical, free-thinking, lonely world you've made, it's somewhat expected when new friendships are welcomed with open hearts.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[After what happened at dinner with the Posabules] Bloberta: I feel sorry for them. Don't they want to go to heaven? Clay: People like them never do.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nurse Bendy has put Dr. Chosenberg to sleep and he is shown smiling Orel: Hey, he's looking better already Dr. Potterswheel: Sure! In the hospital business, Orel, you'll find that all patients really need is to shut up.
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Figgurelli: Hi, Orel, what can I do for you? Orel: Hi, Mr Figgurelli, my dad needs a new belt Mr Figgurelli: Wore the new one out already, huh? Orel: Yeah...learning is hard sometimes
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Rev. Putty: Let's just cut the reverend stuff, okay? Stephanie: What would you prefer? Pastor? Minister? Brother? Rod? Rev. Putty: How about Father? Stephanie: Sounds a little too Catholic, doesn't it? Rev. Putty: You're right. Better make it Dad.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: Well, hello, Nurse Bendy! I have a special student with me that I'd like you to check for lice [Begins laughing and unzipping his pants until hearing the door opening, zips his pants back up and turns his attention to Orel]
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: Orel, I think you know who makes the rules for praying Orel: Oh, of course [Looks up into the sky] Principal Fakey: Yes, a bunch of random guys.
tv-moralorel	faith	wisdom	general	0	Buddha: Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle and the life of that candle will not be shortened
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: You're our ringer, Orel, remember that. Not to put the pressure on you, but to put all of the pressures completely on your head.
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Putty: Uh, look, just try not to think about it. Not a sight out of mind Principal Fakey: That is easy to say Reverend Putty: You can do it. Distract yourself. Giver your wife a baby, that'll make you feel like a good husband. Just pretend.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Principal Fakey: Reverend, please! I didn't come to the repressional to talk about my sins!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Block Posabule comes running into the study and smashes some glasses] Block: Yay! Break! Clay: Orel! Look what you let in [Hits Block with a fly-squatter] Skat Shapey! Shoo shoo! Orel: Dad, that's not Shap-- Clay: What's up son?
tv-moralorel	faith	verse	general	0	Turn the Other Cheek (Original) You've got to turn the other cheek; turn the other cheek. Show the world how strong you are by simply acting weak. Inherit all the world someday 'cuz you will be so meek. Show them just how meek when you turn the other cheek
tv-moralorel	faith	verse	general	0	Then they'll turn the other cheek; they'll turn the other cheek. They'll learn about the Bible with your whole new violent streak. It's the one-two punch that teaches them that they should keep it meek. They'll be up Heaven's Creek when they turn their other cheek.
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Orel, you know you shouldn't upset your mother by coming home with dirty clothes, because then, your mother talks to your father, and no-one wants that
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bloberta: Just look at Orel's shirt. It's the fourth time this week, Clay, it's getting worrysome [Clay does not respond] Bloberta: I can't be doing laundry everyday! [Clay, again, does not respond] Bloberta: I'll have to double my detergent budget Clay: What? This is serious!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Mr Cartsen reads a ghost story] Doughy: Orel, I think I just earned my scaredy badge
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[While hiking, Orel and Doughy discover the "missing link" in a block of ice] Orel: Wow look, it's the fictional missing link from the ghost book Doughy: Say, that should take care of our coincidence badges!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Florence Papermouth: Ooo, look, it says faith, how fun for a cookie! Reverend Putty: It's not a library, ma'am
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	[After the missing link causes a rampage at the church bake-sale] Bloberta: Orel, this European man cannot be your friend; you know full well to not trust a foreigner.
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gee, Doughy, your parents really do love you after all. They give you money and they don't ever want anything in return, not even you.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: Boy Orel, I sure do have a great life! Always getting to do what I want and never having to worry about getting germs from hugging my parents or anything
tv-moralorel	love	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: If I get you all of these things, THEN can we go steady? Miss Sculptham: Well, Doughy, if you get all these things plus other things, then that equals "maybe"
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Mr Christein: Crooning? What the mishegus is this 'crooning?' Mrs Christein: It's like "canting", but without the no Jesus
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gosh, I just got to get that part, I was born to play Jesus. Doughy: Gee, Orel who else would even be as half as good as you?
tv-moralorel	arts	quip	general	0	After hearing Junior Christein's beautiful, angelic singing Dale Armature: Oh my god...I AM A GOOD WRITER!!!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: I think there's something wrong with Reverend Putty Doughy: Why? Is someone c-c-chasing him?
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: I don't know about this, Orel. Everyone says that Sinville is where unclean people go to have filthy things done to their tarnished little dirties
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gee Doughy; I never dreamed that Christian men could be this good at doing God's work Doughy: I wonder why Christian women aren't as enthusiastic Orel: Well, saving souls is obviously a man's job
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Dad, do you know any sinners? Clay: Well, there's one guy who works with me at my dead-end job Orel: How does he sin? Clay: Every now and then, he forgets to capitalize God's name in legal documents
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Hey, maybe I could become a heathen just long enough for Reverend Putty to come and save me! That'd make God happy Clay: Sorry pal. Until your eighteen, your soul belongs to us
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Daniel Stopframe: Nah, your better when you drink Clay: Oh, Danielle, I missed your little face!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: I don't know if many of you are familiar with the process of stop-motion animation [The audience gasps in horror]
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy: [As a snake-like belt] come here, Orel, while your pulling your pants up from my spanking! Doctor Potterswheel: Is this boy's dad molesting him? Clay: What?!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Doughy:[As Clay] Hey there, Orel, you don't have to hurry. God doesn't mind if we show up drunk and or late to church
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: [As Clay] Hi, I'm Clay Puppington, and I'm drinking "stupid juice". And boy, does it work! Right, Jesus? [As a Jesus figurine] Yeah, I'm Jesus, and I think you're stupid!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Gee, Joe completely changed the meaning of everything I wrote Doughy: Gosh Orel, that's too bad Orel: I guess some things get misinterpreted Doughy: Like what? Orel: Hmm...not sure [Scratches his head with the Bible]
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: You have done nothing but whine and complain like a lady in a flowery, sissy skirt and attractive high heels about my drinking since we got here! Orel: (Half crying) It's because you become a bad person when you drink!!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Dad! Are you okay? Clay: Am I okay?! You have shot one thing this whole trip-- count 'em: one thing, and it's two of my last bottles of liquor!!!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Orel! What have you done?! Orel: I got shot...by you Clay: You sure did! You gotta learn to be more careful, son
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Clay has just shot Orel, and drank all of his rubbing alcohol] Orel: I hate you. Clay: [utterly flippant] Hate away, sister. Hate away.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	After trying to get Shapey back from the Posabule family, Bloberta has ended up with both Shapey and Block, who bond quickly. Shapey and Block: Mine! Shapey: Cake? Block: Cake! Shapey: Yummy? Block: Yummy! Shapey: Mine? Both: Mine! [They laugh happilly]
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[phone rings in Nohammer's Hardware] Don Nohammer: Nohammer's Hardware? [bothered] Yes, we have hammers! [slaps his head in frustration] No, it's just my name!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Nighty-night Orel. All us well behaved little boys like me and Shapey and your mom have to get up early for church tomorrow.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor Potterswheel: Its not healthy to be dead that long
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Orel opens his eyes after dying for the third time] Nurse Bendy: Well, at least his eyes are alive.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Orel's second death] Clay: Orel, these near-death experiences are getting a little tiresome...and expensive. Now, I don't want to have to sign another one of your death certificates!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[After Orel wakes up for the first time] Doctor Potterswheel: It's a miracle! Clay: A miracle? So it's free? Doctor Potterswheel: Well, gauze is expensive. Clay: Knew it...
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Wait a minute! you're asking me to take responsibility for what Orel does? Rev. Putty: I know it's a tall order. Clay: 90% of the time, I'm not even responsible for my own action! Principal Fakey: What if you quit drinking? Clay: (mockingly) Yeah, what if?
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Miss Sculptham: Yes, everyone is innocent until they reach the seductively dangerous age of eighteen or over
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Miss Sculptham: Look, I teach school, which has nothing to do with life, so don't pin this on me!
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After being told about "the children's crusade") Orel: Did the children's crusade really work? Miss Sculptham: of course they probably did, how dare you question things when I don't!
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Reverend Putty: Do you know what babies mean to God? That's right: job security
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Miss Censordoll: I am not "Holier-than-thou", Mother. But I am Holier than you.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Where did you learn to shoot like that, Doughy? Doughy: I don't know. I guess you juts have to act like nobody cares; like, nothing you ever do really means anything to anybody. You know, like you're totally invisible
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Joe: Um...are you my mom? Nurse Bendy: What? Who told you that? Joe: Some dummy... Nurse Bendy: How can I be your mom? I've never even hit you!
tv-moralorel	love	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Mom, why did you marry dad? Bloberta: Oh wellll... Why not?
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Arthur: Now can you please pass me the ketchup that you killed your mother with?
tv-moralorel	love	verse	general	0	Closeface There's a blurry girl at the end of my nose Her name is Closeface And when she backs away, I don't know where she goes That crazy Closeface
tv-moralorel	love	verse	general	0	She's really different, but she's kind of like you But her eyes are bigger and there's not always two If it ever was not Closeface, I would be so scared
tv-moralorel	arts	verse	general	0	There's a dirty girl and she whispers to me. Closeface, where is that Closeface I don't know how much she weighs, but she's as big as I can see Closeface, got to be Closeface
tv-moralorel	love	verse	general	0	I think she thinks that I'm a perfect match Cause I'm just her type when we are attached And when she backs away, you are always right there
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dotty: Florence, pull yourself together; it's embarrassing enough to be your friend! Florence: Dottie...we are not friends.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dotty: I just don't know where I put it all. Do you? Florence: No, I don't know where you put it all. Dotty: I meant you. Where do you put it? Florence: Yes...I know where I...put it all...
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Florence: These are my zebras. Rev. Putty: Oh, boy... Florence: Do you like them? Rev. Putty: Uh, Florence... Florence: I've been collecting them since I was seven. Rev. Putty: That's sad-- I mean nice.
tv-moralorel	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Rev. Putty: [Having sex with Florence] Oh god, oh god, oh god-- Dotty!! Oh, god, what have I done? Florence: It's okay, I understand. Rev. Putty: No, that's not what I'm talking about...
tv-moralorel	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dotty: It's so dark in here, and cold. Oh well, I'll just go and get myself another husband. Oh god, this is so humiliating. Florence: No! Dotty: Please, Florence. You left Roger, not the other way around. You got to do the humiliating, I didn't.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: [Banging on the window] Come on! Dolly: Hi, Clay. Clay: What is it? A holiday, Dolly? Dolly: Easter good enough for you? Clay: Oh... Right...
tv-moralorel	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: Don't look at me like that. I'm very responsible. Dolly: Usually. Clay: Dolly, if I go to work, today...I'm gonna kill someone.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After everyone has left the bar] Clay: With all you people as role models, no wonder my son is...sensitive...
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Shapey: Mommy? Bloberta: Not now, Shapey. No milk. Shapey: When I'm thirsty, it feels how I feel when I'm alone. Orel: Gosh. Things sure have changed around here.
tv-moralorel	society	tv-quote	general	0	Clay: For you see, people don't always say what's on their minds. Orel: They don't? That's silly. Clay: Don't ever call it silly, son. Not saying what's on our mind is what this country is based on.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Officer Papermouth, I think it's about time you started forcing people into not buying sinful, disgusting eggs. Officer Papermouth: Sorry, Orel, but I can only employ police brutality when it's officially against the law.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Mister Mayor, I have a sugges- Clay: Orel? Orel: Dad?! Clay: What are you doing here? Orel: You're the mayor? Clay: Yeah, don't remind me. Stinking dead-end job...
tv-moralorel	family	tv-quote	general	0	Orel: Dad? Clay: [To the stuffed bear] And another thing, growlie, always honor thy father. That Commandment wasn't even lost, so there's no excuse not to remember it.
tv-moralorel	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rev. Putty: [Playing solitaire] Aha! Beat you again, Nobody!
tv-snl	life	joke	general	0	English teacher: I would like to feed your fingertips. Foreigner: I vould like to feed your fingerteeps. English teacher: To the wolverines. Foreigner: To the volver-eenes.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Carlin: The term Jumbo Shrimp has always amazed me. What is a Jumbo Shrimp? I mean, it's like Military Intelligence- the words don't go together, man.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Our top story tonight: dedication ceremonies for the new Teamsters Union Headquarters building took place today in Detroit, where Union President Fitzsimmons was reported to have said that former President Jimmy Hoffa will always be a cornerstone in the organization.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: (President) Ford was on the campaign trail, announcing in Detroit that he had written his own campaign slogan. The slogan: "If He's So Dumb, How Come He's President?"
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Paul Simon: [to Marv Albert before his match with Connie Hawkins] I've gotta stay with my strengths, basically... singing and songwriting.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase and you're not.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Door knock) Gilda: Who is it? Voice: Mrs. Bragalaaaa....? Gilda: Who is it?? Voice: ...Plumber. Gilda: Plumber? I didn't ask for a plumber. Who is it? Voice: ...Telegram. Gilda: Oh. Telegram. Just a moment...
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Secretary of State Henry Kissinger has been cited for contempt of Congress! Kissinger commented, "So what? Congress has at least as much contempt for me as I do for him. Besides, Nixon lied, didn't he? And he gets to sunbathe while I get terminal jet lag."
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: The United States... hold it... The United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution equating Zionism with racism. Black entertainer Sammy Davis, Jr., a convert to Judaism, was quoted as saying: "What a breakthrough! Now, finally, I can hate myself!"
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: The FCC announced today that for every Ford commercial run on television, a minute of an old Ronald Reagan film must be shown. As a result of this action, a spokesman for George Wallace responded by demanding equal time by showing one minute of "Ironsides."
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Later, Mr. Ford pierced his left hand with a salad fork at a luncheon celebrating Tuna Salad Day at the White House. Alert Secret Service agents seized the fork and wrestled it to the ground.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lily Tomlin: Being a New Yorker means never having to say you're sorry.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: UNICEF fell under attack this week when Syria formally protested the charitable organization's new Christmas card, which says, in ten different languages, "Let's kill the Arabs and take their oil!"
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don Pardo: [voiceover] This is Don Pardo saying, oh oh oh! Whoops! I'm reading upside down!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vito Corleone: The ASPCA is out to get me because of this horse thing.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Another note on the Super Bowl: President Ford expressed regret that he won't join Mr. Kissinger in Miami tomorrow, saying he's flying to Boston for the first game of the World Series.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: This week, the FDA banned Red Dye #2, saying the red coloring agent was suspected of having cancer-causing qualities. Coincidentally, it was reported this week that Ronald Reagan has revealed that he underwent treatment for cancer of the hair.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Well, the popular TV personality known as Professor Backwards was slain in Atlanta yesterday by three masked gunmen. According to reports, neighbors ignored the Professor's cries of 'Pleh, pleh!'
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Domintrix: RING AROUND THE COLLAR!
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase, and you're not! [cut to film segment of real-life President Ford] Gerald Ford: I'm Gerald Ford, and you're not.
tv-snl	society	dark	general	0	Richard Nixon: [after watching Henry Kissinger leave the Oval Office] Jewboy! Jewboy! Jewboy!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Weekend Update recognizes its obligation to present responsible opposing viewpoints to out editorials. Here with an editorial reply is Miss Emily Litella. Emily Litella: What's all this fuss I keep hearing about violins on television?
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase, and, that's the news, good night and have a pleasant tomorrow. Just kidding! And you're not.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dell Stator's Toad Ranch jingle] When you're at home or on the road And you've got to stop to crave that toad Dell Stator's, Dell Stator's Dell Stator's Family Toad Ranch!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	President Ford: It was my understanding that there would be no math during the debates.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm God! Let's take a look at tonight's top stories, shall we?
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Ugandan dictator Idi Amin has decided to go under species change surgery. If the surgery was successful, he will take a career on American television. However, if the surgery is unsuccessful, he will eat American television.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: (on the phone) Don't worry. I'll do Jiminy Cricket. (makes a Jiminy Cricket face, then sings)
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	When you wish upon a star, your.. (realized he's on the air and hangs up) Chevy Chase: Good evening, I'm Chevy Chase, and I don't like you.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catherine the Great: Oh well, I guess I am queen. And a queen is a queen. But I am also a woman. And a woman is a woman. Snowball: And a horse is a horse. Catherine the Great: Of course, of course.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Chevy Chase: Well, the results of the election are in. Gerald Ford: 0. Jimmy Carter: 0. More on this as it develops.
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gags Beasley: Remember this: There is a thin line between comedy and humor.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Emily Litella: [her phone messenge] Hello, this is Emily Litella. I'm not home right now. But I will call you back as soon as possible. Just leave your name, number, and what time you called, after you hear the sound of the jeep. [beep]
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Yortuk Festrunk: [Czech accent] We are... two wild and crazy guys!
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Beginning of Weekend Update] Don Pardo: [voiceover] And now, Weekend Update with Chevy Chase! Jane Curtin and Dan Aykroyd: [shocked] What?! Don Pardo: [voiceover] [apologetic] Sorry, old script.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	[fake NBC title card of "The Little House on The Praire Burns To The Ground"] Don Pardo: [voiceover] The Little House on The Praire Burns To The Ground will not be seen tonight, so that NBC will air the following special program.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On Weekend Update, while Emily Litella is telling Chevy Chase that she missed him, Jane Curtin is not happy] Jane Curtin: [angrily] Emily?! What are you doing here?! SCRAM! Emily Litella: Oh, go to hell, Miss Clayton.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dan Aykroyd: This just in, Garrett Morris is dead. A group of 8 youths has fatally shot the late Update correspondant at the kids' playground. Another paraquat-related death. Jane Curtin: Hoping your news is good news. Good night and have a pleasant tomorrow.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chico Escuela: Beil Murray is berry, berry, good to me and Hane Curtin is a sarcastic bisch.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fred Garvin: Call me... Fred Garvin, Male Prostitute. [Shows title card while 20's music played over it]
tv-snl	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Murray: So if you're a Rhesus Monkey and you want to donate your body to science, please hop in the box and send yourself to "Rhesus Roundup, San Simian, California."
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Milton Berle: [in response to a sudden noise from the band stand] NBC just dropped another show.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Irwin Mainway: Look, Miss Face, is this just another one of your personal attacks?
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jane Curtin: Miss Lillian Carter removes her makeup. This and other stories coming up on Weekend Update next.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jane Curtin: This just in: Paul McCartney was freed, but the crisis continued in Tokyo.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Father Guido Sarducci: I had a bunch of Quaaludes in my sock.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Father Guido Sarducci: Live from New York and the wonderful empire of Japan, it's Saturday Night.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Potato Head: [sings] I am Mr. Potato Head The pride of Ireland green.
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lady Pinth Garnell: Tune in next week on Bad Playhouse, where we present an awful Japanese version of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales. So until then, good night.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Al Franken: The top ten shows for the 1979-1980 television season included some A's, some B's, some C's, and some S's. Did you see any N's? No. Not one N. Why? Because Silverman is a lame-o! And I heard he has a nice limousine service. I like to call it "A Limo for a Lame-o."
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During the goodnights] Buck Henry: Thank you for coming. Good night... and goodbye.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charles Rocket: {to Cuban couple} Tourists, are you? Cuban Man: {speaks Cuban and translates} It means, "how do you do?" Charles Rocket: Okay, well, sounds like you've got a couple of drinks this afternoon, huh?
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	NBC Executive: There's just one thing. You are a virgin, aren't you? Cheerleader: I'm sure... [realized she is not] I- [NBC executive walks away] Wait!
tv-snl	life	observation	general	0	Eddie Murphy: Now I know what you're saying, "This kid is young. Will he ever burn out?", I don't think so.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	(reveals that he is wearing sunglasses, along with a mirror on his hand) Mr. Robinson: Did your mamma slap you? Then you said it right!
tv-snl	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Charles Rocket: Listen here Ronnie baby! If you wanna make some money, why won't you have Nancy shop at Sears?!
tv-snl	life	quip	general	0	Pooped 'em Eddie Murphy: Live, from New York, it's the Eddie Murphy show!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lily Tomlin: Live, from New York, it's the Lily Tomlin show!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Derek Stevens: (singing "The Lady I Know") There's a lady I know If I didn't know her She'd be the lady I didn't know.
tv-snl	food	verse	general	0	And my lady, she went downtown She bought some broccoli She brought it home. She's choppin' broccoli Choppin' broccoli Choppin' broccoli Choppin' broccoli She's choppin' broccoli She's choppin' broccoli She's chop.. ooh! She's choppin' broccola-ah-ie!
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis Miller: And the New York Mets defeated the Boston Red Sox in Game 6 of the World Series tonight, prompting New York Yankees owner, George Steinbrenner to fire his manager Lou Piniella.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Matt Foley sketch: Chris Farley:First off, I am 35 years old, I am divorced, and I live in a van down by the river.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris Farley:You're gonna end up eating a steady diet of government cheese, and livin' in a van down by the river!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris Farley:From what I here you're using that paper for doobie rollin'. Well there's gonna be plenty of time for rollin' doobies, when you're LIVIN' IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris Farley:Young lady, what do you want to do with your life? Christina Applegate:(Sarcastically)I wanna live in a van down by the river. Chris Farley:Well you'll have plenty of time for livin' in a van down by the river when...YOU'RE LIVIN' IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Norm MacDonald: Well, it's official: murder is now legal in the state of California.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Norm MacDonald: [on George Burns's 100th birthday] I don't know the secret to his longevity, but I think I speak for all of us when I say I hope Pauly Shore doesn't know it either.
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Will Ferrell: They say Gene Roddenberry got the idea for Star Trek from Brasky talkin' in his sleep!
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Alec Baldwin: He hated Mexicans! Will Ferrell: And he was half Mexican! Mark McKinney: And he hated irony!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Saddam Hussein: Live-time from the New York, it's the Saturday fun hour!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex Trebek: Let's see what you put: "2". The number 2! Jeff Goldblum: Aha! Aha! The letter 2, my friend! Alex Trebek: No, 2 is a number. Jeff Goldblum: I can't read or write.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Clinton: Live, from New York, it's Gloatin' Time!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex Trebek: Let's see what Mr. Cage put... and your podium is missing. Nicolas Cage: I don't know where it went. I'm confused.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex Trebek: Let's see what Calista Flockhart put for an answer. Nothing. And your wager? Nothing! Calista Flockhart: The pen was too heavy.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex Trebek: Let's see your answer. Oh, I'm sorry, that must be your wager: a buck. And your answer is..."Futter". Buck Futter. I don't get it. Sean Connery: Oh...I think you do, Trebek. Think you do, indeed. Alex Trebek: Well, thanks for joining us. Sean Connery: Buck Futter!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burt Reynolds: I know some French! You're an asswipe. Pardon my French. French Stewart: My name is French! Burt Reynolds: Yeah, who gives a crap?
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex Trebek: Mr. Reynolds has apparently changed his name to 'Turd Ferguson'. Burt Reynolds: It's a funny name. Alex Trebek: No, it isn't.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bruce Dickinson: I gotta have more cowbell!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bruce Dickinson: Gentlemen, I put my pants on like you: one leg at a time. Except, once my pants are on I make gold records.
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Bruce Dickinson: I got a fever! And the only prescription is more cowbell!
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Keanu Reeves: I know kung fu! Alex Trebek: For the last time, no you don't.
tv-snl	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Alex Trebek: Let's just go with Foreign Flicks for $800. Sean Connery: [buzzing in] Ursula Andress. Alex Trebek: What? Sean Connery: Ursula Andress, Catherine Deneuve, and Charo, twice. Alex Trebek: That's Foreign Flicks, Mr. Connery.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tracy Morgan: Live from New York, it's Jennifer Lopez's booty!
tv-snl	life	joke	general	0	Centaur Doctor: Are we going to ask any questions about my medical background? Interviewing Doctor: The rest of the interview will be centaur questions.
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lorne Michaels: Can we be funny? Mayor Rudy Giuliani: Why start now?
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	George W. Bush: (in a message to Osama bin Ladin) If you really wanted to win against me at something, you should have challenged me to a game of Scrabble. Or perhaps a beard-off, for you see, I don't have a beard. And when I do, it comes in all patchy.
tv-snl	society	quip	general	0	George W. Bush: Don't mess with Texas.
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Borat Sagdiyev: Alive from New York - home of the Jew - it's Saturday night!
tv-snl	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dakota Fanning: When I hear the word 'hotel', it invokes images of Hotel Rwanda about the Rwandan Genocide. Dylan Sprouse: Dakota, you're scaring us!
tv-snl	society	quip	general	0	Sarah Palin: Are You Smarter than a Half-Term Governor?
tv-snl	life	tv-quote	general	0	Miley: There's a photo of me being kissed by a dude And Annie Leibovitz tried to get me nude For those of you who think that's very crude I'm sorry that I'm not perfect!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: You want to know the best part about childhood? At some point, it stops.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Hey, Francis, how's school? Francis: Oh, couldn't be better, Mom. My new roommate showed me how to kill mice with a hammer yesterday. So, you know, between that and the general atmosphere of simmering homo-eroticism, I think I'm really starting to turn around.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[After cleaning up the house] Reese: It's never been this clean before. Malcolm: Uh-oh. It's too clean. Francis: You're right. She'll never buy it. [The boys start messing up the house]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I can't stop thinking about what I did to Kevin. I feel like crap, and no one understands. Even you--you're supposed to be my friend and you don't even care. Stevie: And yet...you keep...talking.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Mom, can I have a story? Lois: Once upon a time, there was a little boy that made his mom so crazy she decided to sell him to a circus. Dewey: An evil circus? Lois: No, a nice one with monkeys. Dewey: Thank you.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Someone stole my friend's wheelchair. Security Guard: What's it look like? Malcolm: It's a chair... with wheels.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: All right, I've had it! You two are banned from Nintendo. Reese: OK! We're already banned from Nintendo. Malcolm: [to audience] The sad thing is, he thinks he's outsmarted her.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Hey, what am I thinking right now? Malcolm: I'm smart, I'm not a psychic. Dewey: Can you understand what dogs are saying? Malcolm: No. Dewey: I can.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal comes home to see Reese and Malcolm kneeling with their noses against a door] Hal: Oh, hello, boys. How long are you in for? Reese: Another hour. Hal: Yeaow.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's been ten days since Mom lost her job. Yf
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Malcolm, what is all that stuff from your teacher? That woman sends home two or three fliers every day. Malcolm: She says she wants the parents to be involved as possible with the children. Lois: At school? It's the only break I get!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Mom, I can't wear Reese's hand-me-downs. Look at this, Jell-o in the pockets, the fly's broken, and it smells like wet dog. Lois: You should be glad he only wore it the one time.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Francis attempts to eat 100 marshmallow "quacks"] Cadets: 61! 62! 63!... [horrified] 62... 61... [enthusiastic] 62! 63! 64!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey [singing]: A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. Lady: Honey, it's A-B-C-D E. Dewey: I know. [singing again] A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: OK, let me get this straight -- we've been waiting all afternoon for a crane, and now, the crane is here! Construction Worker: That's right. Lois: And the man who works the crane? He's here, too! Construction Worker: That's right. Lois: THEN WHY IS NOTHING HAPPENING?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: What's the point of being out here? Reese: So you can find stuff like this. (picks up a dirty sock) Hehe, smells like gasoline.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Oh, flashing the brights. It's gonna be like that, huh? [Puts both feet on the brake of the van to frustrate the silver Volvo.] Lois: Oh good lord Hal, he could have a gun. Just pull over and let him pass.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: All right, silver Toyota, you win this round. (lets the Toyota pass him by) Haha, get there two seconds sooner!! It's just an accident waiting to happen. (The car wrecks into a truck and everyone screams, Hal slams on his brakes)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ice Cream Man [to Reese]: That will teach you to mess with me. I was a surgeon in my country.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: MALCOLM!! REESE!!! MOVE!!!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Dewey. Where's the baby-sitter? Dewey: She's ran away. Lois: You got rid of another baby-sitter? I can't believe you boys.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal:[being administered a DUI test by a highway officer] Z. Y. X. W...
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: OK let me tell you something. If I say I could eat a 100 Quacks, you could take that as a bonafide guarantee. And there's no need to resort to personal attacks, I would hate to raise the issue of you wearing BOXERS in the SHOWER!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: WE OWN YOU ALL! No one is safe. We are the kings of this block. Did you hear me, world? Violence...just...got...a...little...more...RANDOM!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Boys: Diaper! Diaper! Diaper! Diaper! Diaper! (they throw it and watch with excited faces, then they later change to a disgusted one) Francis: Well, let's not do any of those again.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Imagine if this was to fall into the wrong hands. Dewey: I see an old lady!! Malcolm: RELOAD! RELOAD!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: We've established that, we're just going in circles here!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: This isn't fair. Mom should have never taken us to a store that sells candy. She set us up!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boy [to Lois]: Hey, lady, are you going to hog that cage all day? Lois: (inside a batting cage) I got news for you, kid. I'm a grown-up with a credit card and no curfew. I could stay here all week if I want.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I'm lost. (Francis punches Reese) OW! Francis: That's how Mom feels... on the inside.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After Francis keeps talking to another girl) Amaani: You're wasting your time. She doesn't speak English. Francis: Oh. Amaani: Which is just as well, because if she understood the crap you were feeding her, she'd laugh in your face.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: I have my own problems. I have to go to a kegger, party with my friends, and make out with an African goddess with this hanging over my head. Come on, Amanni.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Hey I promised you girls! Not quality girls.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Well gentlemen, I've had enough experience with debacles to know when to cut your losses.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: (knocking on Spangler's door) Sir? Spangler: Go away! I told you I did not want to be disturbed. My aunt and I are... catching up. Francis: I... I thought you said it was your mother, sir. (Long pause) Spangler: Go away!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to the boys]: Now, remember, no throwing ice, no flicking butter at the ceiling, no sticking gum under the table, and no eating gum already stuck under the table!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spangler (referring to the damage the local girls wrought): I'd say we got off lucky. This happened once before in '72; we had to bulldoze the Ampitheater.
tv-malcolm	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie [to Reese]: Crying on command got me a cable modem!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Whoa, interesting dinner. Stevie beat the crap out of Reese, his dad got drunk, and his mom went totally psycho. Oh my god, we're contagious!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: What sounds more idiotic: "Let's go to the desert, kids" or "Good idea, Dad"?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I don't like ghosts. They eat little boys.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: You know what nobody's mentioned, is that this is supposed to be the greatest army in the world, and you couldn't even kill the three of us. I gotta tell ya, I'm not impressed.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (sees some explosive devices) Okay, I just figured this out... RUN!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: supt good, cougars don't just blow up! Reese: As near as I can figure, I did it with my mind. Malcolm: Reese! That's insane! Reese: I wouldn't talk to me like that if I were you.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (to an army general): Well, the thing is that when we saw the fence we did not know if we were going in or out, Malcolm, do you want to explain it? Malcolm (terrified): No, I don't.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I'm thirsty. Malcolm: Yeah, well, we would have water if some idiot hadn't used to it write a S.O.S in the sand. Reese: Oh, I see. You people let me carry the water and all of a sudden I'm the idiot.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Dewey, I only have one phone call, so put your mother on the phone so she can come pick us up. (Dewey puts the phone down) Lois: Who was that? Dewey: Wrong number.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: [referring to Dewey] I don't believe this! Here I'm supposed to be the genius, and I'm being outsmarted by someone who can't tie his own shoes!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Malcolm and Reese are locked out of the house at night.] Malcolm: What are we going to do now? Reese: [falls into a cesspool via a trap they had set up earlier] AAAAAHHHH! Oh my God! What is this stuff? Malcolm: Well, at least the night isn't a total loss.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Come on, Reese. Hurry up! Reese: Sorry, I had to put the "lemonade" in the fridge.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patty: Hungry? Malcolm: I don't know what I am.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [about Dewey]: Hehe. He's cute! I hate him for being cute!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [to Dewey]: You, sitting around with your big eyes and your dopey voice. I have to resist hugging you myself.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patty (about Francis): He was so nice, and so cute. Reese: Yeah, I'm a lot like him. (Malcolm rolls his eyes)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: What is that? Malcolm: It's the cest pool. Dewey: We have a pool? Malcolm: It's the sewage of the house.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Barbara & Tom are watching Hal fight Jack while Lois tries to stop them) Barbara: Oh, for God's sake, Tom. Do something! Tom: I'll refill your drink. Barbara: Okay.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I can dance... wanna see? Patty: Okay. Dewey (gets up and dances): Poopy, poopy, poopy, poopy, poop-y! Poopy, poopy, poopy, poo. (repeats over and continues dancing) Malcolm (to the camera): This is embarrassing.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom [to Hal]: Well that was still good on how you got him to scream like a girl. Hal (embarrassed): No, that was actually me.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hal and Tom are restrained by guards and both of them are sweating up a rainstorm.) Hal: It's too late! Something snapped! I am way past the point of no return! We're talking primal animal urges! I'm gonna let nature take its course...AND KILL HIM!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: That's strange. Why would someone fill this thing with hundreds of hanging bowties? Malcolm: Those aren't bowties. Those are bats!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Does anyone want my baked potato? It's kind of burnt. Hal: Reese, we didn't have any baked potatoes. (Reese looks down and sees a bat on his plate) Everyone (screams): Aggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: So, Dewey, how was school today? Dewey: Mikey Duffy pushed me down today. Hal: Well, did you push him back? Dewey: No, he's bigger than me. Hal: Uh-huh... Reese? Reese: I'm on it.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to the camera): Okay, so I faked it. But with the family I have, it would've been only a matter of time anyway.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to the camera): I need to seem cured, but to leave the door open for a relapse when I start ballet next semester.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: The tricky part is I need to keep this up without being put on medication.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (cleaning up): Underpants, in a closet. Human underpants!! I must not threaten you people enough.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Malcolm]: Where's your jester costume? Malcolm: In my backpack. I'll wear it at school. Lois: Put it on. I didn't stay up all night for my health.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Why don't you just put a bulls-eye on my chest and get it over with? Lois: Oh, you look fine. (The bells on Malcolm's costume jingle) And Reese will tell me if you take these off.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to the camera): When I was six, I dove in a pool and my trunks came off. God, I wish I was there right now!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Caroline: Oh, come on. We've studied this. There is nothing dirty about the miracle of life. And we should all be able to discuss this openly. Dabney: Who's the father? Stevie: Does he... work here? Caroline: All right, you know. I told you we are not playing this game again!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Dabney has three dentist appointments every week. His teeth look fine to me. Lloyd: He's not going to the dentist. He's going to the "dentist." It's the secret code for the school therapist.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Look at this, ever heard of fabric softener? These sheets are like sleeping on straw. Cadet Martin: Hey, it was good enough for baby Jesus. Francis: Get out! (Cadet Martin leaves; Francis throws away all the detergent)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: And when I do, we are all gonna clean up this disaster of a closet. It's gonna be our new family project. Hal: We've never finished our last family project. Lois: Because it's in here under two tons of crap!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I can't do it. I'm stupid and I'm terrible. I suck at everything.... AND I'M FAT!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (while cleaning out the closet) Who are the Petersons? Why do we have their photo albums? Hi, Malcolm. How was school? Malcolm: It was normal. Yeah, I'd say normal. Very medieval. (pointing in the closet) Is that a truck tire? Lois: What? Oh, my... Hal!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Caroline: Okay, your Holiness, would you start the gay... as in happy... Harvest Possession.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I'm sick of being a bully. It's creepy.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, that's not fair! What do they expect him to do, beat up a girl? Reese: I get to beat up a girl...cool!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Those guys are nuts. I'm funny!... Aren't I funny? Lloyd: To be honest, you can be a little caustic. Stevie: The word... is arrogant. Dabney: How about bitter, sarcastic and handsome? (Lloyd and Stevie stare at him) (points somewhere) Hey, she's cute.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick [to Malcolm]: Remember me? "Moby Rick"? (sarcastically) That was so hilarious. Malcolm: I never called you Moby Rick. I called you Rickapotamus, although... (Rick punches him)
tv-malcolm	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: You're talking about joining a cult, Reese! Reese: My name isn't Reese anymore. Malcolm: Then what is it? Reese: I don't remember, but it's not Reese!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Is Reese a girl now? Malcolm: No, Dewey, he's a lady. Reese: Shut up. Malcolm: Sorry, ma'am.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Reese, an old woman's purse is a little boy's book bag... if he's European.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [while throwing rocks at Dewey]: I'm trying to protect you!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Hey, I think 45 minutes of rubbing out corns is worth at least an hour joyride.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After being caught joyriding by Lois, all the Krelboynes leave except for Malcolm & Stevie) Malcolm: Need some help, Stevie? Stevie: Pop... the trunk.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The Krelboynes are enjoying their joyride with Malcolm at the wheel. Soon the boys hide except for him.) Malcolm: What? What's going on?! (in slow motion, he sees his mother in a van passing by, both are shocked)'
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bully 1: Are you calling me a liar? [Dewey hits the first bully with the purse. The second one is hit as well. The other two dodges it and then the four are sent running. Soon Reese is impressed when Dewey reveals the brick and tosses it on the ground.] Reese: Nice.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cadets: Sir! Commandant Spangler: Cadets. Francis: What's up, chief? [Spangler punishes Francis by forcing him to stand outside and hold a rucksack full of rations and a sleeping bag.]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Dewey]: What are you doing? Dewey (scrubbing): I'm killing the germs. I hate germs. Germs are scary. Lois: Don't forget the germs in the oven.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Malcolm about Cynthia]: You be nice to that girl. It's obvious she has no friends.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Cynthia: Thanks for inviting me to dinner. Lois: Your quite welcome. I'm sure if my son wasn't a rude selfish little pig, he would have invited you himself.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Malcolm, can you ask your girlfriend to pass the potatoes? (Cynthia hands Reese a bowl of mashed potatoes) Malcolm, can you thank your girlfriend for me?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Malcolm, can you ask your girlfriend if she would like some more peas? Dewey: We get it!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd [to Malcolm]: Looks like you and Cynthia have some real chemistry. Malcolm: Would you shut up! Lloyd: No, see, it's a play on words. Malcolm: I said shut up!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cynthia's Dad [to Malcolm]: Why did you throw a brick through my daughter's window at 2:00 am?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cynthia [about Lois]: Well, at least she didn't strip us naked and take pictures. Malcolm (sigh): The night is young.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Reese, she's four years old. You're bigger and smarter... well, you're bigger than her.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Yeah, and that kid, Josh, told everyone I was born with both sex organs and raised as a girl until I was five.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Their gnome wants to eat me. It's evil. Lois: They're all evil, sweetie.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (to the camera) You know, why plan my future when it's just gonna be a wall of paint crashing down on me? I'm just gonna enjoy being a kid again.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Francis, I want you to count all the malt balls. (hands Francis a clipboard and a pen as he walks off) Francis: Should I start with the 40 in your belly? Craig: I heard that... and I'm paying for those.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Boys, I need to speak to your father alone. Reese: So? You have a bedroom, we're eating!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Hal]: You doing this because what a 7-year-old said. Malcolm: It was horrible. He made Dad cry. Hal: The boy was cruel... but fair.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: There's got to be 500 gallons of paint up there. Hal: There isn't... yeah, that's about right.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: This is good meat loaf. New recipe? Lois: Nope. Same as it's always been. Hal: Ah, come on. Lois: Oh, you know what, I ran out of tomato sauce and used ketchup instead.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Look out! Paint-a-lanche!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Any questions? Francis: Which household product will kill me the fastest? Craig: We're going to start you off with the cotton balls.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: If the future's gonna be half as bad as Grandpa and I suspect, the only survivors are gonna be mutants, coackroaches, and me. All living underwater.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: We need a fridge. We can't store the meat on the porch forever.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (On the phone with Francis) Grandma and Grandpa are here. Francis: Oh, you're kidding! So did they knock, or did you just hear their cloven hooves clatter up the driveway?!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: (to Dewey) That's it, fatten up on pizza. Good luck running when they come with the dogs and chase you into the hills!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: What are you going to do when they come after you and throw you in the back of the truck? Are you going to read to them? Are you going to impress them with your giant know-it-all brain?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, knock yourself out. My record is clean. [Scene changes to the police officer arresting Lois.] Lois: There is no way I have 16 unpaid parking tickets! The computer's wrong! You are not getting away with this!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Anything you break comes out of your allowance! Reese: We don't get an allowance! Lois: Well, now you know why!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (sees the tape): Oh, my God! I can't believe it. Mom's... wrong.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Remember when I took that comedy traffic school? God, that was hilarious. A rabbi, a priest, and a minister come to a four-way stop...
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Someone's got to gi... Reese: Not it! Malcolm: Well, then, someone can mail it to her any... Reese: Not it! Malcolm: Well, someone's got to be the person to... Reese: Not it! Malcolm: ... not give it to her! Reese: I'm it! Malcolm: HAHA! ... Oh
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: The tape is wrong. (gets up and leaves) Malcolm: Dad? Hal: You heard your mother. The tape... is... OH! (gets up towards Lois)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Dewey walks up to the police car) Lois: Dewey, it's going to okay. Mommy is... Dewey: Can you turn on the siren? Cop: Sure. (turns it on) Dewey: Yeah! [imitates siren]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (to the boys after they got pulled over): No one make piggy noises, no one say they smell bacon, and no one claim that they're kidnapped.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal [to Craig about the security tape]: You will never mention a word of this to Lois. Craig: But... Hal: Uh Uh. Not one single word. Dewey (comes up close): Got it?
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hal [to Lois]: I got to admit, it was sexy. Me having to bail you out of jail. (Lois looks at Hal) Well, it was sexy for me. Lois: Oh, yeah, Hal. That was a real turn on.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Make a run for it, mom. We can be on the News. Lois:[ignores Reese and pulls over] All right, no one makes piggy sounds! No one claims they smell bacon! And no one claims they've been kidnapped!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Dewey, don't be frightened, but there's a spider next to you. Dewey: Yeah, Dad. There's always a spider on Bacon Day.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Why do I have to stay in the kids' ward? Lois: I'm sorry, honey, but you're six months too young to have an adult room. Reese: I hear if you're really good, they'll put apple juice in your sippy cup.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Reese, give your brother a hug. Reese: Aw, mom? Lois: Do it! Reese: (gives Malcolm a hug) If you tell anyone I hugged you, I'm putting you back in here.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Dewey, you're wearing my shirt. Dewey: Am I?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cadet Finley: I can't take this anymore. If I don't eat, I'm gonna pass out! Cadet Drew: Yeah. Cadet Finley: Who are you? Cadet Drew: I'm your roomate.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: The strike has been settled! (the cadets cheer) We got his magic hat! Eric: What about the TV? Francis: Huh?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey [while playing a board game]: Hey, we look like the family on the box. (the family agrees) Can I be the little girl? Hal: Not on my watch, son.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal [to Malcolm]: Whatcha' doing there, son? Malcolm: I have to prove Kepler's Third Law of Motion. Hal: What's Dewey doing? Malcolm: Coloring. Hal: I better get in there.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eric: (seeing Francis' notes, which is a little sheet of paper) That's your half? (picks up a book) THIS IS MY HALF!!!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eric [to Francis]: YOU COPIED A PAGE FROM THE DICTIONARY!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: We can hurt him... we can be parents again!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Dewey fakes crying to Lois as she walks towards his room carrying a laundry basket.]' Lois: Not Buying It.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: So, according to your logic, a two-foot fall from a mini-bike is more dangerous than a six-foot fall from a galloping horse? Lois: That was a long time ago. Malcolm: Before... gravity?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: (leaving) Jellybean and I are leaving now. Once again, I'm very sorry. I can't even look you people in the eye. [Once gone, Lois decides to call it even knowing her sons' plans got Craig out of the house.]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Happy thoughts, happy thoughts, puppies, ice cream, fat people falling over.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: When your TV privileges are taken away, you have to do something for entertainment. This is totally a trade-up.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois:[after realising that Malcolm and Reese lied to them] Hal, get my bra!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese Something about people being miserable and suffering brings out the best in me. Thanks for noticing.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Ha ha. Stupid bug. [Reese touches the bug zapper] Reese: OW! OW! YOU STUPID... [Punches the bug zapper] OW!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: You're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar!"
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	'[A police officer brings young Francis home and informs Lois that he had caught him taking a joyride on a steamroller] Lois: Thanks, Officer. [turns angrily to Francis] What were you thinking?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: That it went faster.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: GO TO YOUR ROOM!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: I loved the way you sent the boys to their room...
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Boys! Go to your room!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Krelboynes are discussing their new teacher] Stevie: What...a jerk! Lloyd: Is that what we're going to turn out like? If I ever start acting like that, you have to promise to kill me! Dabney: No! No more death pacts!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You're not going anywhere. You're going to stay in your room with the door shut. Now Go! [Malcolm, Reese and Dewey runs back into their room.]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: If it weren't for me, my family would be naked, in trees and eating berries. Do they appreciate what I do for them? Nooooooo!!! Karen: Lillian Miller's family just surprised her with a trip to Spain. [The women are more upset]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: I expect perfect behavior out of you boys tonight. Trust me, if you try anything, anything at all, I'll be on you like a rainbow on an oil slick.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (Narrates) I can't wait until i'm 16 to get a Girlfriend (Then he sees Dewey playing on the bouncing castle) But I can go back
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: I'm sorry, Malcolm but no Girlfriend until you're 16 and that's final Malcolm: Ok, fine. I'm totally over her, I can handle myself and I don't need to waste my time on this stupid family! Lois: (She becomes worried) On second thought, maybe you should avoid the girl
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (Sighs) Ok, Malcolm. I've been thinking about it and I'm gonna give you a 'Free Pass'. Every time any of you boys do something important that your father should not see you doing, I give each of you 1 free pass per month
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: We're not getting a saddle. This was just a mistake from the beginning.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Ok,. Old people. [Malcom shakes his head to Reese disapprovingly.] Reese:[to malcolm] What could be bad about old people? [Malcolm explains to him in his ear about how cranky old people are] Reese: Poor people. We want poor people
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: It's God he found us. Hal: It's not God Dewey It's just my crappy car.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Okay. Lavernia: What did I say about backtalk?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You've been stealing money from the church. Reese:[opening the closet door to reveal other stuff the same time Malcolm unveils what hidden under the blanket] And maybe some merchandise
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Upon realising the boys also stole an air tank.] Hal: You stole Air?! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU BOYS?! Do you ever stop and think about the consequences of anything you do. Do you realise the shame you could bring upon our entire family. Do you?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Hey, I don't want to scare anyone. But this is the street mom takes home and she gets off in 10 Minutes!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (Angered) How many times have we told you not to Track mud into this House?! Malcolm Well, clean it up. Lois That's not good enough, y-you're grounded for a week! Reese What?! Malcolm You can't do that! Those are just footprints! Lois You wanna be grounded for 2 weeks?!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Malcolm and Reese were shocked) Malcolm Dad!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hoping for Hal to do something) Hal You heard your Mother! Reese This is rediculous! You're being totally unfair! Just because Malcolm tracked mud on the floor doesn't mean we should be grounded! Lois G-Go to your room!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (He lies down) If you can't do the time, don't do the crime. See you Monday
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Why do't you just unhinge your jaw and finish me off?! Ida: After Magnum P.I.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[In one of the flashbacks, a Christmas tree is on flames and the smoke alarm goes off. Hal and Lois are seen running in front of it.] Lois: Who did this? Who did this?! Hal: Drop and roll, honey. Lois: Who did This?! Hal: For God's sake, drop and roll!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal is confronting Lois for cancelling Christmas] Lois: I'm not cancelling it. I'm just taking it hostage.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida:[searching for the musical Christmas Card Francis hid.] I'll cut off his hands and stick them to his katushnick.
tv-malcolm	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Barton: Wow, an entire colony of Cryphonectria parasitica. Richie: Hey, get your own pizza, Dewey.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dabney: Don't stick up for her, Malcolm. If I wanted this kind of abuse, I'd have a conversation with my Oboe Teacher!
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Look at us; we work like dogs all day, we drink, and then we work like hung-over dogs! Is this really how you pictured your life? Eric: Ever since I was little.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: What is wrong with you?! You see a symbol of a world beyond scraping grease, and your first thought is "Let's profane it in our cabin?!"
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: So this is what a $24.00 hamburger looks like. I thought it was be as big as my head. Dewey: Why don't we have a jacuzzi tub at home? Malcolm: Because that would make us "happy."
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Congratulations. You outlasted his paper route. Piama: Lady, you don't want to stick your hand in my face.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Piama: Just because I'm not all classy like you.... Lois: Classy? You think I'm classy? Piama: Don't laugh at me. Lois: I'm sorry, it's just....this is a first.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: You have to stop this?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: Dewey just became Pope.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: And I weigh 500 pounds. Thats it I'm just going to have to kill them. Go to counter, get knife, kill them. No! Don't make yourself a sandwich! Kill! Kill! No, not yourself! Don't kill. Don't kill.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Craig witnesses Dewey holding Malcolm and Reese at dogpoint, and Dewey locks him in the house] Dewey: I am sorry you had to see this.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Oh Come on, that guy is the biggest faker in the world. Last time he was out with the flu, we saw him jumping up and down on the windows of the Today Show. Craig:[Sick] That doesn't mean I wasn't sick. You didn't happen to tape that, did ya. I set my timer wrong.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Can I have a piece of candy? Psychiatrist: No.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd: Abandon all hope, ye who enter here... Goth Leader: Is that from a Ministry album? Lloyd: It's from Dante's Inferno. It's engraved on the Gates of Hell. Goth Leader: Whoa! That's wayyyyy dark.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Minutes later, cops show up as the neighbors watch Lois scale the tree trying to catch Reese] Reese: Officer in need of assistance! Repeat, officer in need of assistance!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walkie-talkie: Hey, are the two boys still stuck in the tiger pit? [Panic washes over the crowd] Zookeeper: Uh, no, I must be picking up a transmission the zoo down the street! Hal: Malcolm and Reese? Lois: Malcolm and Dewey. Reese wouldn't last thirty seconds.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Murray has invited Francis to scam Otto's money for what's it worth] Francis: I think you're fired. (grabs a horse harness) Now I have to figure out if this is for me or the horse?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: [to Malcolm] STOP! I won't let you do this! I would rather die than be left alone with Mom!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Hi Claire...... It's my sister I'm going to hang up on her.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: My bad!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: What you get... for problem 17. Malcolm: I drew a tank. Stevie: What's wrong with you? For two days you been acting like an idiot. Malcolm: No for two days, I've been like someone who's been happy and relaxed. Stevie: You're... turning... into Reese.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Malcolm goes after Reese out of vengeance for stealing his money.] Stevie: "They'll try you....as an adult!"
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Flashback at the end Reese has a blueberry on his plate.] Reese: Don't eat that blueberry, I'm saving it! [Malcolm eats the blueberry.] Malcolm:[last lime] What's the worst that could happen?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal has finally pulled his car over to let Craig out of his car. He has gathered up his stuff.] Craig: You are going to have to learn to get along without Craig Feldspar.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal comes into bed with Lois] Lois: How did comic book shopping go? Hal: Bad, I'm just out of my depth. Look, I know it wouldn't come to this, but you know what we must do! Lois:[knowing what it means] No, we promised ourselves we wouldn't. Hal: What other choice do we have?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: He's my evil twin? Reese: Fat chance. The guy's a saint. You're his evil twin. Dewey: But I don't want to be an evil twin! Reese: I don't make the rules, Dewey.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Hey, Mom! I grew an inch!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: (points to the TV screen) Dewey, do you see that? That's air. That's air! Dewey: That's it! I'm gonna read a book! I hope you're happy!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Craig): Look who I'm talking to. You're a single, 40-year-old man with a cat. I bet you know all about the current music scene.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alison [to Reese]: You're the one who had his license taken away! Reese: Because my public defender wouldn't even try the insanity defense.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Craig! Craig! You just passed the concert. Craig: Oh, no, I don't think so. Alison: But there was a sign with an arrow and we're supposed to follow the pointy end!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach: How could we be losing against a team that hasn't won a game in three years?! Malcolm (to himself): Maybe it's because you're a complete moron! You know I can shoot! Why won't you put me in?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Why don't we just kill the old hag? Lois: Oh, stop it right now! And no one tells the boys about any of this. Hal: You mean about killing her? Lois: No, about the lawsuit.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Lois and Hal just discovered she's pregnant.] Hal: Are you as turned on as I am?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Girls, don't do this. You're supposed to be easy. Mallory: No, Mom. You're easy. Daisy: We can fool you about anything. We're girls, we know how you think and we're not above using it.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Daisy and Renee encourages Mallory to open up about the pen.] Mallory: This boy dropped it in Biology Class. He chewed on it a little. Renee: Oh, I am so sorry. I should've known that. I hate being Dumb! If I didn't grow such great hair, my head would be useless.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Why don't you just die? Malcolm: Give me, my pen. I'm warning you. Reese: Ooh, I'm scared. What are you going to do. What's the Baby gonna do? [Malcolm decks Reese and watches him fall to the floor.] Hal: [astounded] Malcolm, you can take Reese?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reese enters the house, talking loudly to disguise the fact he's being chased by the cops] Lois: [resigned] I'll make coffee. Hal: It's Hanson; make it decaff. [waves to the cops]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Why do I have to be here? Why can't I go snowboarding with Reese? Hal: Reese isn't snowboarding, that's just a lie mommy and daddy told you. Reese is in jail. Dewey:[perks up] For how long? Hal: A couple of hours.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A tall and muscular inmate shows up in chains.] Warden: This is Samuel. I would tell you what he's in for, but it's against the law for me to say it to minors.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's so weird at my house. Nobody ever answers the phone and my brothers are seeing who can go the longest without changing their underwear. I never thought I'd miss my mom. (pauses) I still don't, but I'm getting there.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Malcolm can take care of himself. Craig: You're right. He's a genius ... which would make him attractive to rogue elements in our secret weapons programs. How long before some government scientist picks him up and surgically attaches him to some animal?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: From now on, we are at 0 Tolarence now! Do you hear me, 0 Tolarence! You Boys have got to learn to behave!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: What do we need a babysitter for? Hal: Because I want the house to be where I left it.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I want a sundae and then some pizza, and then another pizza and another pizza sundae.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Don't step on the floor! Jessica said if I scrub the floor, she'd tell me how far Alison is willing to go with me.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Dewey, what are you eating? Dewey: Carrot sticks. Jessica says we have to eat healthier. I don't know what company makes this, but I hate it.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dabney: I know you think I'm a mama's boy. Malcolm: No, mama's boys are laughing at you... with their mothers.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (mocking Lois) Don't forget to sweep the leaves from my roof because I'm a mean old lady. Who cares if it's wet and slippery, the roof has to be clean because I'm stupid.
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: [after being pulled over. He gets on the ground] I'm cooperating! I never met this man before! I hated the constitution! I hate free speech! I'll snitch! I know nothing!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Look, Reese. Some people are born book-smart. Others are born crafty and street-smart. You, I'm afraid, are neither.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd (to Herkabe): Sir, my mom said I am suppose to take a 2-hour nap on the bus or I'll get cranky.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (to Dewey): Now say I love you! Dewey: I love you. Hal: Now say it with feeling! Dewey: (with feeling) I love you. Hal: Now say it without me telling you to!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to Herkabe): Do you want me to cheat? Herkabe: Let's just call it "success advantaging."
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: What makes you think I am going to die first? Hal: Honey, you have that kind of personality. You operate at a very high level of stress. [Flashbacks show Lois blowing up.]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Ow! The baby just started kicking like crazy. It's almost like something was upsetting...[looks up and sees Ida at the window] Mom! Ida: Are you gonna open the door?! Or should I lie down on the grass and feed the worms?! Francis: Oh, great. Who opened the Gates of Hell?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paramedic: I told you we shouldn't have stopped for coffee.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: [singing to the tune of "Amazing Grace"] Amazing race, how sweet the taste That saved a wrench for me. I once was in the lost and found, Was blind, but found my keys.
tv-malcolm	society	dark	general	0	Hal: Communities seek out a common enemy. If it wasn't us, they'd all team up against someone else. Probably a minority.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (while explaining the school magazine's editorial policy: Nothing gets rejected. It doesn't matter how self-involved or boring or childish or stupid or painful it is. If it can be stapled, it's in.
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (to Malcolm): The principal of your school called. He said you filed a lawsuit so you could destroy the school. Malcolm: That's a total lie. All I want to do is publish a magazine full of dirty words.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (to Lois): You can make me flirt with this beautiful woman, but you can't make me like it. Lois: I can make you do anything I want.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Who has the mustard? Dewey: I don't know. Maybe Reese stole it like he steals everything. Reese: Well maybe the mustard likes me better. Maybe the mustard and I have more fun.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Who would've thought that sticking a metal spike through your tongue would hurt so much?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (to Ida): You're moving to China? Ida: I know. Chickens in the street, children in the sweatshops, everyone smokes. It's a dream come true.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: If he still has his teeth and is good in bed, why wait? (Malcolm gets disgusted) Oh, I forgot, this one doesn't like girls. Malcolm: Grandma, I'm not gay. Ida: That's right, I'm just a liar.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman (to Ida): I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't allow smoking in the hotel. Ida: Back off, you cow! This is my special day.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (after kicking the fence to the junkyard and the dogs attack) Okay, it's obvious they hate shoes, write that down.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Hey, Lois, you're signing in for the softball? Lois: I don't need to sign up, Craig. I'm coaching the team this year. Craig: You are? Lois: Yes, Stu was going to do it, but his wife was born again and ruined his Sundays.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: There is a certain pleasure secretly controlling someone dumber than you.
tv-malcolm	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Hello, 24-hour party people!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Susan: I brought gifts for the other boys, too. Reese: Yes! Sitting here looking interested finally pays off!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Susan, you can't give them a car. Malcolm: Mom, technically this is a transaction between Aunt Susan and us. Reese: And I'm willing to hire a lawyer to enforce it. You want to go there, I'll go there.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: This is torture. The car's just sitting there and no one can drive it. Reese: Yeah, it's like that hot nun who comes around every year for the toy drive.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Fine Mexican Food goes in the Trash.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm's Dated Dad: Do You believe in life after love?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: No I am not Cher.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Get out of our neighborhood. we hate your guts.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: We are never ever eating Luigi's Pizza again!
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: It's the owner of Luigi's Pizza called to apologize get your jackets.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: (in an upset tone) NOOOOO... COMPLAIN... YEEELLLLLL... USSSSSSS!!!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: What am I going to do with you, Reese?! I don't want to say this is a new low, because every time I do, you take it as a personal challenge!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Oh, boy. In this family, that's what we call "the closer." We now know that Reese is definitely not living here for the next few days. The only question left is who gets to take the credit.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Alright. Reese... (The scene changes) Hal: (in an upset tone) That... (speaks gibberish)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: What's wrong with Dad? Lois: Your father found out what Reese did. Malcolm: What did he do? Lois: Your brother... (The scene changes) Malcolm: Oh, my God! Did they have to evacuate?!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: (while on the phone with Lois) Hi, I just got off the phone with your son, Reese. It's been over a week and you still haven't talked to him. Congratulations! The fraction of the family is now 2/5ths complete!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: The minute a child is inconvient to you, you kick him out! Lois: Francis, this is none of your business. You don't live here anymore! Francis: Because you kicked me out!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Who's apartment is this? Reese: It's mine. Francis: Reese, you can't live in a place like this! Reese: Yeah, I can.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (sees Reese's apartment) Whoa! This place is awesome! Dewey: One thing's for sure, I'd never ever leave this place.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [introduces his neighbors]: Francis, this is Teddy, Lou, and George. (points to each of them) Divorced, separated, wife's doing the best friend. George: Ex-best friend. (sobs) Excuse me. (leaves)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Lucille Armstrong [to Hal & Lois]: I've been in therapy for a long time. There's nothing that can shock me. Lois: (thinks for a moment) Alright. Last week, Reese... (The scene changes) Dr. Lucille Armstrong: Oh, my God! What were the cats for? Hal: We don't know.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Stevie makes his first prank phone call] Stevie [faking a British accent]: Hello?... Is your... refrigerator... [normal voice] Yeah, it's me... [hangs up]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I gave him some food coloring and told him they were chemicals. Reese: Guys! I made an incredible discovery! When you mix together blue and yellow, you get an entirely new color! [Holds up a test tube full of green liquid] I shall call it...blellow!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Can he at least put some pants on? Cop: Not until we get a good perp walk out of him.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Lois has assaulted several U.S. Army personnel] Army Sergeant: Sir, if she comes within 500ft of my perimeter, I've been given the authority to engage!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Wow! You guys are huge! And shiny! Bodybuilder: Thanks mister, but we can always be huger and shinier!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: It's so sad about those kids. Someone should help them. Hal: (Inspired) You're right, Lois. Someone is gonna help those kids. Someone's gonna help the crap out of them!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal walking by the large pile of garbage on his lawn] Dewey: (muffled yelling) Dad! Hal: Dewey? Dewey: Daaaaaad! Hal: Dewey? Where are you? Dewey: I don't know! My garbage fort collapsed! Hal: Can you breathe? Dewey: Yes. But I don't want to!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I'm supposed to do a 300-word report on how you're my personal hero. Hal: Me? You think I'm your... hero? Dewey: Dad, don't freak out. We had to pick one of our parents.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You're the ones that turned your mother into a ticking time bomb. You just thank your lucky stars that she went off on an innocent bystander.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: How much money do we have? Lois: Zero. Hal: No, I mean everything. Credit cards, loose change, everything? Lois: Oh. Minus $512. Hal: What?! Oh, for God's sakes!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: You coming, Malcolm? Malcolm: You sure? I might accidentally talk about myself. Dewey: You mean like just now?
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: I got fired from my job, and I'm totally broke. Hal: What? You got fired from the ranch? Francis: It turns out the ATM I was making all of Otto's deposits into wasn't an ATM. So sue me, right? Anyway, he's suing me.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Piama: You said this house was Satan's trash can! Francis: Oh, honey, you're quoting me out of context!
tv-malcolm	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's a good thing you weren't John Lennon's mother. Lois: If I were John Lennon's mother, he'd still be alive.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (about Jamie) He is absolutely the worst kid we've ever had. Hal: Oh, you say that with every kid. Let's face it, Lois, it's just the hand we were dealt. God doesn't like us. That doesn't make us bad people.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: (after Reese blew himself up with firecrackers) Should we get the hose? Malcolm: No, he would have wanted us to wait!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: [on Reese's latest scheme] Blackmailing a pervert to facilitate underage gambling? How could this not work out?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Craig, how could you lie to me after all I've done for you? I let you sleep on our floor when you thought your cat's ghost was trying to killing you. I settled that feud between you and the Girl Scout Troop. Craig: They started it. Lois: Shut up!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I don't want to live in a world where Reese is right.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Hal, get in this bed and go to sleep! Hal:[grabbing a pillow and blanket] Oh, I'll sleep. I'll sleeep where I'm wanted. [Goes over to the couch as Dewey continues to compose music.]
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Herkabe: Malcolm, one of the many perks from working in the field of public education is the constant opportunity to suddenly increase your workload. It's as big a morale booster as the constant chiseling of gum.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: We have to be home by 9:30. The babysitter said her halfway house goes into lockdown at 10:00.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Mom, if you never made it to the store, then what are we eating? (Everybody pauses and looks at Lois) Lois: I don't know, something from the fridge.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Heaven's gonna suck!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois:[bringing Francis back when he tries to leave] Get back in here, we are not having this argument again. Ida: Let him go. It's the little one who owes me his life. Francis: See? Even she thinks so.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida:[grabbing a cigarette from her purse] Hah. Scare tactics those butchers tell you so you can get weak and they can send you more go-go pills.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois:[Facing Ida] And you. You are old, injured and need his help. All your yelling and viciousness doesn't equal physical strength. You can not bully a can of soup off the shelves. You can not scream it down. You need his help! Francis: Yeah, you old bat. Where's your gratitude?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Malcolm): Oh my god, I'm as unpopular as you!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: This, in no way, justifies what you said before.
tv-malcolm	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: [to the butterflies] This is fantastic! Look at all you guys! Wow, I've forgotten how many of you there were. Okay, that's a lot of fluttering. That's enough... Get off of me! GET THE HELL OFF OF ME! AAAAAAAH! AH! HELLLLLLP!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Dad, the toilet seat was up and Jamie's tongue is blue again. [Jamie points to a door.] Were you out there all night? Hal: Now just get me to the bathroom and let's see if we can save Daddy's toes.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: This is why orphans get all the hot girls.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: [slamming his head against a locker] At what age do you just accept that your life is a piece of rotten garbage and always will be?! Craig: 22.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Malcolm, I think you're forgetting the graveyard shift motto: "Who cares?"
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wendy: (to Malcolm) Sucks that you have to work the night shift. Now you'll miss the party. Debbie's parents are out of town. Whoa! I've gotta run! Skinny dipping starts at midnight.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Norm: She just wants someone who's honest and straightforward. Malcolm: That's great! I'm totally honest and straightforward. Norm: Actually, you're more like blunt and aggressive.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ludwina: [about Lois] You going to introduce her to us, or make us wait around like a pack of pigs? Ida: Pack of pigs wouldn't leave their nail clippings on the floor for other people to step on.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[About Lois] Marika: Is this the fat daughter, or the one who drinks? Ida: This is the one with the halfwit factory between her legs!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, I'm finished. It's done. I almost gave up when I thought I burned the prunes, but I fell into this rhythm and just lost track of time. Next thing you know, it's done. It was a lot of work but you know something? It feels good.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: We were just goofing around. I can't believe she took it seriously. Hal: You're right, Dewey. Your mother actually believed her sons love her. What a moron!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: It's going to be great. That's why I blocked out the next three hours to work with Dewey. Dewey: Dad, I have homework! Hal: Oh, just buy it from the guy Reese buys his from.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Don't forget! End with "May God Bless America"! Lois: When do I say the stuff about world peace? Hal: No, no, no, we got rid of that. You don't want to come off like a liberal nutcase!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	People: [chanting] Burning man! Burning man! Burning man! Reese: No! I won't light it! I won't light it! [Reese throws the torch. It lands in a bucket of cleaning supplies in the RV and explodes.] People: [chanting] Burning van! Burning van! Burning van!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Malcolm and Reese are seen entering the house after Hal and Lois picked them up] Lois: Hitchiking?! Hitchiking on the highway like HOBOS!
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Dewey, we are civilized people. We make arbitrary boundaries that we defend to the death.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the porch roof collapses on Hal] Malcolm: Dad, are you okay? Hal: I can't feel anything below my left knee! Is my foot okay? Reese: Your foot looks fine... but I think the rest of you is facing the wrong way.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reese has paralyzed his lower body in ice water to make a fight even. Stevie shows up with robotic legs.] Stevie: You're... mine! Reese: Aah!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Hey, you're right. The candy you steal off other kids really does taste better. Reese: I'm telling you, it's the fear.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I hate when they talk about your costumes. They know what we're here for. Just pay up, so we can go. Dewey: Hey, look at that! The old guy's still after us. Reese: You gotta admire it. I hope when I'm his age, I still have enough hate to do what he's doing.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Oh, another knife in the head! (kids look at him weird) Do think it would be funny if you had a real knife in your head?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Dewey, you know nothing about Asian culture. After I humiliate him, I earn respect plus half his land and his sister, if she's hot.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Vicki (to Malcolm): I think it's really romantic. It's like Romeo & Juliet. Our love has to be hidden. Malcolm: I'm not hiding it. Vicki: I wish you would.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (about Reese) What are we going to do about him, Hal? He shows absolutely no interest in his future. Hal: I'm sorry, honey. I thought you had given up on him too.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The house lights go out.] Lois: [in the shower] Hal! Hal: I paid the bill! It's the whole neighborhood!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You're here! Malcolm: Kind of. Hal: You lied to me! You're not drunk at all! Malcolm: You said that if I called and said I was drunk, I would not get in trouble! Hal: That only applies if you're actually drunk!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abby (to Lois): I'm Abby Tucker, it's nice to meet you. Lois: I'm Lois. This is Malcolm. Abby: Oh, right, Pea Pod. (to Reese) I see what you mean.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's bad enough Reese is in the same class as me. What's worse is that Herkabe's turned him into his personal whipping-boy!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese:[In gym class, enjoying his payback on Herkabe] You call that a monkey dance. [Tosses more dodgeballs at him.]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to Herkabe): I'll take your sick little deal so you can keep your pathetic, meaningless plaque. Herkabe: Thank you, Malcolm. I know that you think this compromise will taste like ashes in my mouth. But something I learned a long time ago... ashes don't taste that bad.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Some wavy-haired blond boy was chatting up Gina at the bike racks after school. Dewey: Don't you work? Hal: Never mind that. The point is, you should have been there! Dewey: It's probably Stefan. He's no threat. Hal: I saw him, Dewey. He's an Adonis!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: This is great. I never knew old people could be nice. I thought you were all wrinkled bags of skin babbling about how stuff used to cost less. Judith: No, some are like that, but there's a few of us who still have some life left.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: Reese, I've watched you grow all these years. You are the one hope for this family. I just pray you are ready to become a man. (slaps him) Reese: Ow! Hey, what was that for? Ida: You are ready.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Grandma, this is not only moronic, it's impossible. For one thing, there is no village full of boys for Reese to fight. Ida: No, we will have to make do. The closest thing we have to a boy is you.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: You will take Raduca for your bride. Reese: You mean, like, I marry her? Now? Ida: That is why I brought Raduca to this country. Malcolm: You brought her here six months ago. She's been working as your slave. Ida: I should get something for my troubles.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: (to Raduca) Be careful with those bags, you cow. Lois: Hi, Raduca. Raduca: Family, howdy. Ida: You're here to work, not gossip like a fishwife!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Another college recruiter? When I was applying, believe me, there were no recruiters. If I hadn't found that ad inside that matchbook, I may never have pursued higher education!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (about Raduca) Did you see the way she talks to him? She's broken his spirit. Hal: He's not our Reese any more. Lois: I know. It's fantastic!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: This is so awesome. Mom and Dad just got back from the doctor's, and it turns out she has mono. She's been ordered to stay in bed for two weeks. After all those years of stepping on cracks, it finally paid off. I mean, it's no broken back, but I'll take it.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (to Dewey) Your attitude's been pretty lousy lately. I know you've been spitting in my sandwiches. I mean, I still eat them, but now the trust is gone.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Malcolm, quit hogging the covers. You're just like your father in bed.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Honey... I lost my dad. [starts crying and hugs Lois] Lois: There, there. [looks over Hal's shoulder and mouths "You are dead" to Malcolm]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It was weird going to Grandpa's funeral. We hardly even knew we had a grandpa, and now we don't. Reese is taking it really hard. Reese: (crying) Why?! Why?! Why couldn't he die before he lost all his money?!
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: They say money can't buy love, but they're wrong.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Mom's the kind of crazy where she always yells at us. But Dad's the kind of crazy where he buys us an Xbox 360.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: This is so awesome. Reese: Yeah, I don't know what alien worm burrowed into Dad's brain, but I'd like to shake its hand.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: You think Dad could really be doing this to buy our love? Dewey: I guess. Reese: I say we squeeze him for all he's got. Dewey: It's the least we could do for him.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: (about Hal) How's he doing? Lois: Well, he seems to be doing fine, but he can't be. His father just died. He got more upset when his transmission gave out. Abe: Well, he did just have it rebuilt.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I get three meat toppings for the price of one! Dewey: No, no! Buy two pizzas, get one free! Reese: That's two free cheese pizzas! I'd rather eat vomit!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Takei: Would it be all right if I came inside for a glass of water? Dewey: No, I'm not allowed to let anyone in. But you can wait outside and drink from the garden hose. George Takei: With pleasure.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leonard Nimoy: (over the phone) I'd be very happy to help your friend. It's very sad when a man loses his father. I've been through loss myself. Lois: Oh, that's very kind of you, Mr. Nimoy. I'm his wife. Leonard Nimoy: So, will this be charged to your credit card?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Speaker (referring to Lois): We all have an "L" in our lives. My "L" was the Vietnam War. Thankfully, though, I don't have to visit my "L" on Christmas and holidays.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (about Francis): We're useless. We're like his appendix. Now he's just going to open up his stomach, remove us, and put us in a jar up on a shelf, right there in the living room... or the den, or a mantlepiece, if he's got one.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: And this is my mother. Crash: She's real?! Lois: Excuse me? Crash: It's... I thought... I don't know what I thought. I'm sorry. Excuse me. (runs off)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Uh, Lois, let's not ruin Francis' special day. Lois: Why not? Apparently, I've ruined everything else! Hal: What's past is past. Lois: "What's past is past"?! So, you think this is all my fault, too?! Hal: Can we discuss this in the other room? Lois: There is no other room!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (to Dewey) It's like you're killing my children!!!! (turns on blender mixing in junk for Dewey to drink) Dewey: Wait! Reese: Shut up, Dewey! That's not the end I want to be hearing from! (pours the junk in Dewey's mouth) Dewey: (chokes and gags from the junk Reese made)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I don't know why we're doing this. I have a much faster way to do this. Malcolm: We're not cutting him open, Reese.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Tell me, did it feel good to cut through Elmo's neck?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: I've been a terrible mother. Reese: It's okay, Mom. I've known that for a long time.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: And I actually think that Reese is coming around a little bit. (Reese is heard crying in the distance) Well, I brought him soup yesterday, and he couldn't even make a sound.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: There's this stupid bike-a-thon at work. Some idiot made a big stink about how the store isn't doing enough for charity. Reese: Then don't do it. Lois: I have to. I'm the idiot.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Lois): No, lady! I don't want your drugs! (winks)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Lois): You're in the middle of an alley trying to get on a bike. You are ashamed of something. I can always smell shame. It's kind of like rotten coconut.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Nothing exciting ever happens around here. (A bed mattress falls from the sky, landing on the ground) Dewey: Wow, we even have boring miracles.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey (about the mattress): Whoa, this is brand new! At least, what I think a mattress would look like new. It's got no lumps. Malcolm: (getting excited) No weird stains... Dewey: (getting excited, too) No springs sticking out of it... Malcolm & Dewey: (in unison) It's got tags.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Wait, you see that? Malcolm: What? Reese: It's a dead squirrel! Gentlemen, our week just built up! Dewey: Sorry, not interested. Malcolm: Sure, it looks good to you now. It's just gonna wind up in the closet like all the others. Pass. Reese: Your loss. See you, suckers.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Hal, you have an infection. You have to see a dentist. Hal: I made an appointment with Dr. Voorhees tomorrow. Lois: Isn't that the guy we took Dewey's hamster to?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Listen to yourself. That's insane. This bed is evil. It's draining your soul, Malcolm.
tv-malcolm	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Maybe it was a dream. Dewey: You were happy, Malcolm. Of course it was a dream.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Wow, and I thought Reese was the one dragging us down. Dewey: Maybe we should see how he's doing with his squirrel. Malcolm: If I know Reese, all the good parts are gone by now.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: So, I'll see you tomorrow? Danielle: Right. Oh, there was one more thing. (kisses Malcolm) Nope, that wasn't it. See ya.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: What if we do everything on his "To Do" board and then let him out? Reese: That's brilliant. He couldn't be mad at us if we did all this for him. He's got stuff on here that he's been meaning to do for years. (reads note) "Change Dewey's diaper."
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Turns out, I'm naturally talented at science and dancing. Two things that are guaranteed to get me beat up.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Can we please just get my underwear and get out of here? Lois: Malcolm, you know it's hard to buy underwear for you. You have your father's irregular crotch. Hal: Nothing to be ashamed of, son. If a woman really loves you, it won't bother her a bit.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clerk (to Malcolm): Can I help you find something? Malcolm: Yeah, do you have any cards that don't say "Get well"? Clerk: This is a hospital. Usually, we're rooting for the patient.
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Did you know how hard it was to get this job? Everywhere else I applied called my references. Thank God telemarketing has no standards. Basically, I get to harass old people and shut-ins all day. I'm getting paid to do what I love.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Mom, did you remember to buy me the baking soda for my class project? Lois: I forgot. Dewey: What? I asked you, like, five times! Lois: That I remember.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Supervisor (to Reese): How's everything going over here? Reese: People are so stupid they'll believe anything. I threw the fact sheet out the window and just started making stuff up. Supervisor: Ah, no problem. I made up the fact sheet.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: And you people wonder why I wake up screaming all the time?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Okay, so I lied and destroyed a man so I can go to a concert. I'll get him a t-shirt.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: For once in your life, Craig, be a man! Craig: (about Lois) I hate her! (runs off crying)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I am so happy. I'm sneaking out to a concert Friday night while Mom works the late shift. The band sucks, but I have backstage passes. And if that's even one billionth as insane as I've always imagined it, I could die happy.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: What kind of lesson is this stupid game teaching you? Where is the card that says hemorrhoids are not covered by your health plan?
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Girl 1: A.J., you moron, the canned food drive was not a fascist conspiracy and neither is this! Girl: My God, the back biting, the name calling...this is just like French Club!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, here is poor, neglected Dewey having a great time at SeaWorld. Dewey (looking at photo): It's so blurry, I can't even tell that's me. Hal: Well, you can't prove it's not.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: AJ, you can't be serious. AJ: Hey, it took guts for those girls to come down here and apologize. And I'd like to think I'm big enough to be able to admit I'd like to have sex with one of them.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Ah, my driver's license. We're getting closer. Lois: Look at that. He drew a mustache on you. Hal: No, I did that. I wanted to see how it looked.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: That is a really nice camera. How could you afford... ? (remembering Dewey took his wallet and money) Right.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: I know what's wrong with it. It's a Ford. You know what they say Ford stands for, don't ya? It stands for 'Fix it again, Tony'. Hank Hill: You're thinking of a Fiat, Dale. Dale Gribble: Fix... it... again...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Whatcha listenin' to, son? Bobby Hill: I don't think you'd like it. Hank Hill: Well, why not? I like this new generation of music. [puts headphones on] Old woman on tape: Hello?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby knocks over some cans swinging a cardboard roll around. Buckley: You're gonna have to pay for that, dude. Hank Hill: [Shouting] You're fired!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Bobby, you can't make an omelette without breakin' eggs, and you can't get on base without takin' a swing. Bobby Hill: The pitcher could walk me, couldn't he? Hank Hill: Don't play lawyer-ball, son.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jeff Boomhauer: [discussing Seinfeld] See that part where dang ol' George come in there, he talks 'bout tastin' his own burp and Kramer comes slidin' in there just like he always does. I tell ya what, man, them dang ol' New York boys, just a show about nothin'.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby is talking with Joseph Bobby: (Mocking his dad) Git out my house! My boy ain't much, but he's all I got!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Now, Bobby, you may have noticed that there is a difference between a man and a woman.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby remains silent Peggy: ...a rather obvious difference.
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: [As a child] When I grow up, I want to sell propane and propane accessories, if my grades are good enough!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: Fish sticks? (begins to cry)
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: (repeated line) You look pretty.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Your heart is telling you?! Who's the boss, you or your heart? You are! Your heart is your employee! So get your heart off its butt and back to work!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton turns a toilet handle on Hank's headstone. Hank's coffin is sucked into the ground. Nancy Gribble: (on TV) The temperature is a pleasant 70 degrees. And on a more personal note, I'd like to wish my friend Hank Hill a quick recovery from his embarrassing consti
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank changes the channel. C. Everett Koop: -pation.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: (While constipated and watching his dog poo outside) Showoff. Hank Hill:"Don't touch me. I'm on the John."
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: What the hell kind of country is this where I can only hate a man if he's white?
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: Do you... do you think my feet are too big, Hank? Hank Hill: No, hon. Just... more of you to love.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[He takes a step forward towards her, like an on-screen embrace] Peggy Hill: Ow.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hanks looks down to see he's stepping on Peggy's feet] Hank Hill: Oh, sorry.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Hank ponders this for a few seconds. Hank Hill: So are you Chinese or Japanese? Kahn Souphanousinphone: [groans]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: He thinks just 'cause I'm from Texas that means I'm a redneck. Chinese people and their stupid stereotypes!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: They'll probably get you with a blow-dart; that's their way. But you'll just think its a mosquito bite until you die, then you'll know the truth.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn Souphanousinphone:: I could just stay home, order a bucket of chicken and watch Hee Haw; same thing [as going to the Hills' for dinner].
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: You know Kahn, we may deny our kids completely different deserts, but they both go to bed hungry, and that's what really matters.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton discovers that Bobby began a sexist riot at his school. Cotton Hill: Bobby, I'm proud of what you did at school today....So I'm buyin' you a hooker!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank thanks Cotton for bringing a horse ("Oh Dad, you didn't have to do this.") Cotton Hill: Well, you know me I'm larger than life.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Now you listen to me! THE NAME IS HANK HILL! MR. HANK HILL! PEGGY MARRIED ME! I DIDN'T MARRY HER! What are you
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Minh has just lost $13 to Peggy playing Boggle.] Minh Souphanousinphone: Thank you for Boggle lesson, Peggy Hill. Maybe next weekend I teach you mahjong. Bring your checkbook!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Is this John occupied? Esta es Juan occupado? Bobby Hill: Sí.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Uh, I got to go do some stuff. I think I might have left the blender turned on.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: (to Bobby) Only trailer trash smoke nowadays. Do you wanna look like trailer trash? Luanne Platter: (crying) That's not fair! I don't smoke!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: Oh, honey, you are not trash just 'cause you grew up in a trailer and your mama's in prison.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: Well, look at us. At each other's throats. And after all we've been through. This family has survived fires and twisters and every strain of flu the Orient could throw at us. Well, we are not going to be done in by a lousy tobacco leaf.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Note: the following quote comes from a deleted scene.) Kahn Souphanousinphone: Put on shoes, hillbilly!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: (Hypnotized by the Queen) ...YES... ...MY... ...QUEEN...
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill:(Said to Dale Gribble after he mistakenly thought Dale had died from a poisonous ant attack) You gave your life to save my son. I guess that makes us even for you ruinin' my lawn. What am I saying? Of course, it makes us even!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby:(Talking to a mannequin head) "You look really special tonight."
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy on what their course of action after catching Bobby kissing the mannequin head Peggy: We'll move to Berlin. Bobby will be accepted there. I read somewhere that Germans are a very tolerant people. Their culture admires all kinds of freaks.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	The salsa music playing during Bobby's 'seduction' of the plastic head is Discarga Criolla by Ray Barreto. Hank is taking Bobby to the gun club Bobby Hill: Wow, I always thought this was a crack house.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Can I put a gun rack on my bike? Hank: Do you know how long I've been waiting for you to ask me that?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Why don't we get you into one of those safety courses and if you're still interested after they've taken all the fun out of it, then we'll see about the ponchos and the... uh... tournament.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: Guns don't kill people, the government does.
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy discovers that Hank is not skilled at shooting a rifle. Peggy Hill: I still love you!
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton Hill: Sorry I'm late, I had to stop at the wax museum and give the finger to FDR.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Six AM and already the boy ain't right...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Don't play mind checkers with me, man. I'm not in the mood.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: This tornado's already registered a level two on the Fujisaki [sic] scale. A storm that strong will send an egg through a barn door two barn doors if one of them's open.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill walks over to Hank's truck. Hank Hill: Bill, thank God! Make this idiot let me pass.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: What did I do to deserve this? I didn't mean to curse my wife to Hell!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank looks at a worker with a vacuum walking towards the container. Lightning flashes and Hank sees in the worker's place the Grim Reaper for half a second, then reality returns. Hank Hill: [worried] Ohh...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank switches the gear into drive, and floors it. The tornado is rapidly approaching Shining Pines. Hank Hill: Ahhh... AAHH!! NO!!!!!!!!!!!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby attempts to get an egg thrown through a brick wall via the force of an F-5 tornado after Dale's story of such an occurrence. Bobby Hill: This is the chance I've been waiting for!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby throws the egg and it flies back into his face. Hank:You're tough, Bill.You're the toughest Army barber I know. Dale:Set your mousse to stun, there, Bill.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nancy is reporting on the tornado. Nancy Gribble: Mention your home was destroyed, and get a free 5-pound bag of onions.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Fine. But I think you owe my lawn an apology. *pauses* We're waiting!
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dale is wearing a suit for Halloween. Dale Gribble: Booooo! I am a high-priced Washington lobbyist, peddling influence! Who wants candy?
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Luanne and Bobby are at Junie Harper's house Hank:[Nearly chokes on his beer before swallowing] I came very close to spitting out beer!
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: Halloween is a satanic holiday. It was invented by the Dru-ish.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Dale, you giblet-head, if you were gonna cheat, why'd you buy a frozen bass? Dale: I had a coupon.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Are you taking me to the vet?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Hey I'm dressed like a football coach! You call that a block?!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Dad, a man took pictures of me!
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hank:(finding Luanne in bed with Buckley) I'm in a crisis situation here, I gotta go find Bobby. You two take turns kicking each other's asses.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: I thought we agreed to never discuss the horrors we saw on the killing fields of the Family Fun Center.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cane Skretteberg: I don't care how many guys you held in the men's room, you still can't beat us!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: This is a great Xerox of you!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Hey his scoop's bigger.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pops: And there's doodies in there, right!?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank:(Shouting to Bobby stumbling around on the roof) It's a roof! Not American Bandstand!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: When I need to correct Joseph, I tell him he's adopted.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: Did a woman ruin the Supreme Court? Hank Hill: Yes, and that woman's name was Earl Warren.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: (about an athletic cup) This cup has holes in it. How am I supposed to drink out of this?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doug the basketball coach: Bounce a ball in hockey?! Well that's a mandatory drug test right there!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wrestling Coach: Shouldn't you be teaching the girls about their monthlies?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Connie: I wanna go to a party school! Yeah, Chico State!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Some of the older ones have some breasts!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Can I have some Gatorade now?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clark Peters: Hey, Bobby, if you don't beat Connie, we don't know what we'll do. So you better beat her!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: I'm all for lady's wrestling. Except when they do it in pudding. That's just demeaning to the human beings who make pudding.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: (Stereotypical Yiddish accent) Blind he's gone now!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank:Where's my finger?
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Are you a war hero like my biological grandfather?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: That is so Arizona!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gary Kazner: There's a uh, what are those things called?A semi, a demi, a coupla-dozen-wheelers.
tv-koth	faith	quip	general	0	Bill:I would never join a religion that restricted my diet. I don't want to get into heaven that way.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: It seems the other eye compensates by shutting itself down. It's one of nature's wonders.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: Okey doke. Bring! Bring! Phone for you, Hank [takes off shoe and gives it to Hank]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Everyone laughs but Hank]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: The joke's on you, funny man.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank throws the shoe out of the room. Ladybird chases after it while dragging Hank with her]
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Suffering is a part of every religion, Peggy. I mean ... look at what the Jews have been through, and you never hear them complaining.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Hey Vickers, who do you like for the Super Bowl next year? The Doopie Loopies or the Shimmie Shammies? [Laughing] Vickers: Okay, okay, very funny. But I like the Bills.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buck Strickland: Got-dangit Hank, I'm having an infarction!
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale is a poor lawyer.] Judge: You will pay the condo manager 8,000 pesos. Dale Gribble: But if the key does fit then you must acquit. Judge: 10,000 pesos. Baliff, confiscate their identification.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A border guard approaches them.] Border Guard: Morning. Where are you gentlemen from? Dale: (voice breaking): Arlen, Texas. Border Guard: I've been to Arlen. Nice town. Dale: Run!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boomhauer: Yeah, man, talkin 'bout that dang ol' Cuffs and Collars, man, like when they come over to clean that pool, man, it starts goin' wakka-wakka-wakka-wakka...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble:Who's not a quitter? My dead friend Hank Hill or my new friend Rusty Shackleford?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: I never thought I'd say this, but, I don't think I can finish my beer.
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: Honey, marriage is about trust and she...well she betrayed him. It was like a knife in his heart when she stuck that fork in his back.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leanne Platter: Oh, you have such a lovely home here. Of course if somebody turned on a fire hose it would all be ruined.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Hey, Leanne. How's that job search coming along? Leanne Platter: Not so good. My best reference just went in for chemical castration.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill is announcing his engagement to a drunk Leanne. Bill Dauterive: We're engaged! Leanne Platter: It was supposed to be a surprise! (punches Bill and burps) I need a smoke! Bill Dauterive: This is the happiest day of my life!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne is begging a drunk Leanne to stop being provocative at Leanne's engagement party. Luanne Platter: Mama, please! Leanne Platter: Will you quit callin' me that?! I might be 34.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leanne is about to stab Buckley with a fork when Peggy stops her. Peggy Hill: Excuse me, ma'am, but that was my fork.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Poor Peggy, she's dead.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leanne steals a truck and leaves. Bill Dauterive: If she doesn't come back, that means she and I weren't meant to be and if she does come back, well then...then I'll call the police.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank:Bobby, if you weren't my son I'd hug you.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hank panting) Witchard: Ah! (laughing) You can't get me! Hank: BWAAAAAHHH!!! (breaks the caged fence and chases after Witchard) Witchard: (screams)
tv-koth	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: There's some milk in the fridge that is about to go bad....and there it goes.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: There are 96 ridges on every checker...except this one.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buckley: Sir, there's no yelling in the propane department. Some of these gases are extremely valublilous.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boomhauer: Hey man, is this dang ol' 911? Hey listen, there's a dang ol' fire in here, and dang ol' Mega-Lo-Mart went boom! 911 Operator: Sir, you are going to have to speak a lot more slowly. Boomhauer: Dang... ol'... Mega-Lo-Mart... done git went got it, and dang ol' boom!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: HAAAAAANNNNNKKKK! Bill: CHUUUUUCCCCCKKK! Mega Lo Mart Employee: Buckley and Luanne are in there!
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: MEGA-LO-MART?! WELL WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO TO HELL AND WORK FOR THE DEVIL?! Luanne: Good thing I don't have dangerous brain powers, or right now you'd be in a thousand little pieces!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: (With his pants pulled up, in heavy Yiddish accent) "What are you talkin' about?"
tv-koth	food	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy is trying to think of new musings for the local newspaper. Peggy Hill: Mix pineapple juice and club soda, and you've got yourself a big bucket of crap.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	From Peggy's newspaper article. Peggy Hill: You hear the expression "Lie like a dog" so much it is almost a cliché.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill: Well, well, well Jo-hon Redcorn. John Redcorn: Oh, Peggy. Nancy's headache's very severe this morning, um... must be the pollen. Peggy Hill: Well, well, well. John Redcorn: Well. Peggy Hill: Jo-hon Redcorn. John Redcorn: Pe-eggy Hill.
tv-koth	food	tv-quote	general	0	(Long silence) Bill Dauterive: (tapping glass with knife then getting up to propose a toast) To the Stuffing! Might taste like Garbage, but it sure fills you up!
tv-koth	food	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton Hill: I'm goin' down to the corn dog shack to watch the girlies make lem-o-nade.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: (in falsetto voice) Why do you keep calling me "Bill?"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank walks in the room with a food dish. Dale Gribble: Whatd'ya got under the foil, Mr. Party Pooper, some party poop?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: "Heck, I thought I'd go ahead and sharpen all the axes." Dale Gribble: (singing) "Hank's a lumberjack and he's OK..."
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Heck Dorland: "I got bad news, men. Chet Elderson died. Natural causes." (Bill farts while his butt is hanging out the top of the fire pole) "Oh, for cryin' out loud!"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bobby is doing push-ups on the muddy grass.] Bobby: Coach, I think I swallowed too much mud. Coach Sauers: Take a salt tablet.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach Sauers: I'm gonna ride you guys so hard your gonna wish you were all dead! I'm gonna chew ya up spit ya out take a big dump on top of that and then i'm gonna get tough! LETS ROLLLLLLL EM OUT!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Boys, the Welton Wolves have already left their mark on this bridge. Now, what does a cougar do when a wolf comes into his neck of the woods? Bobby Hill: Beats him in football? Hank Hill: Yeah, that's where I was gonna end up.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: God bless America on three...One...two...three Team & Hank Hill: Gooooooood bless America! Coach Sauers: Hey, butter ball, drag the body back!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Soccer was invented by european housewives as a way to keep busy while their husbands did the cooking
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy Hill (To a group of soccer moms): If we were in Canada you ladies would be snooty Quebecoise.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn sees the fake wedding between Luanne and Bobby and believes it is real. Kahn Souphanousinphone: Minh, come quick! It's finally happening! Bobby Hillbilly marrying hillbilly cousin. You owe me five dollars. In your face!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne Platter Kleinschmidt: Uncle Hank! Bobby's trying to get out of marrying me! Hank Hill: Bobby, you cut that out! Bobby: "Dad! I've gotten Luanne pregnant!"
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: [Bobby is presenting Jesus' miracles in the form of a magic show] Now, for my next trick, I'm gonna need a large wooden cross and a couple of volunteers... Hank & Peggy: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: I've got gout!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: "I killed eight gophers last year and a purebred Tennessee walking horse that was looking at me funny."
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Boil up some Mountain Dew; it's gonna be a long night.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Hank, you were right! The Cubans have my mower!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: What time is it, 3 AM, 4 AM? Nancy Gribble: It's six. Dale Gribble: AM?! Nancy Gribble: No. Dale Gribble: Oh. Is dinner ready?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: They wanted to see me wet my pants from fear... but they're too late!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: You are officially the coolest.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank tells Dale to come down from a clock tower before someone gets hurt. Dale Gribble: Too late, I killed Shackleford! No...wait, correction, Shackleford wants a pizza.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nancy Gribble: Hey, whatever turns you on, that's what I always say.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: I'd like a one-way ticket to Mexico por favor. That means 'today.'
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: What's that smell?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton Hill: Look for the man with the terrible smell!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton Hill: I'm an old man. Everybody already hates me. But Bobby is just a child; he has his whole life ahead of him. ... If I could take a bullet for my grandson, I would. Just not in the face; that's how I make my livings.
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton Hill: Ah leave it to a woman to turn god's house into a love shack.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: (After a trampoline falls on his foot) "Aah! This is a sign that we have been playing God with Buckley's trampoline and now God is playing God with us, and He's a whole lot better at it. I refuse to touch this portal to hell!"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank is hanging around Buckley's trampoline. Dale peeks out his window and yells:] Dale: Run, Hank! Portal to Hell! [Dale quickly closes his curtains.]
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Didi is handed G.H., the baby to which she just finishing giving birth. Didi Hill: What's his name?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Dad, this isn't right. If you call him Good Hank, it makes it sound like I'm Bad Hank. Cotton Hill: Well, you burnt my burgers, didn't you, B.H.?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: (Trying to put on his old football helmet) Hank, how did my head get so fat?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Using a saw for a weapon makes about as much sense as using a gun to cut a two-by-four. That's how my dad built my treehouse... how he cleaned it, too.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Connie is trying to explain her problem to Hank Connie: Well, um, you see, uhh... Hank: What?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Connie writes something on paper and hands it to Hank Hank: (Reading the note) 'Mr. Hill, I just got my first period.' Bwaaaaah!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: 'Hank do you want to be in Charge?' Hank: 'No.'
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After viewing Bill's huge septic tank] Hank: It's a shame we have to put her in the ground.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: I am the hoe master! Watch me hoe! [nearly runs over Hank and Bill and damages Bill's wall]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale and Bill are secretly following Hank and Hal to the sporting goods store.] Dale: (Talking into tape recorder) 10:15. Hank picks up Hal. Bill: What?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale rewinds tape recorder and plays it next to Bill's ear.] Dale: (On tape recorder) 10:15. Hank picks up Hal. Bill: (On tape recorder) What? Dale: I said, "10:15, Hank picks up Hal!"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Bobby, you name a pet, you name a guitar, but you do not name a filthy animal!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: [while standing on a tree branch] This...isn't...over. So long, suckers! [caws like a bird]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[He jumps off and falls flat on his face.] Dale: [while laying face down in the dirt] Hank, I can see your house from up here.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale enters his basement and sees that his hamster has eaten all of his food stores. Dale Gribble: How could you do this to me Puff-puff
tv-koth	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: My gerbil screwed me!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chappy: I live in a shack, I poop in an outhouse, I eat what I kill. Hank Hill: There isn't a Mrs. Chappy, is there Chappy?
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne Platter: (sighs) Mr. Strickland's wife is beautiful. Hank Hill: That's NOT his wife. That's Debbie from work. Pretty girl like that should have been able to get a date. Peggy gives Hank a look as if he has no clue about his boss' reputation
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: My class was cancelled and the library was closed. I love college.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale is talking to his pet turtle. Dale Gribble: C'mon, I'm not leaving without my kiss. I can wait.... I can destroy you.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Reading math word problem) Bobby: Mrs. Johnson's bag has six puppies. Mr. Peterson's bag has minus four puppies...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joseph is crouched down, his face is pressed against the door handle. Joseph: Why don't your doors have keyholes? Bobby: You're really starting to creep me out, now go home!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby shoves Joseph, who hits the door and makes a noise and runs away. The door opens. Bobby gasps. Luanne: Bobby, it's perfectly natural to want to see a woman naked, but I am your cousin. Now, the first time was an accident, but if I catch you again, you are going to hell.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby sees Joseph outside in the bushes. Bobby: Are you crazy? We're going to get caught. I could go to hell! Joseph: I can't help myself. I've got a monkey on my back and it wants to see Luanne naked!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Hey you, crazy guy. I'll give you a smoke if you trade clothes with me.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Infiltration of mental hospital complete. Proceed to phase two; exfiltration of mental hospital.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale tries to open a locked door. Dale Gribble: Apparently this door has some kind of anti-opening device.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: (In a self-help class in a mental hospital) It's just that in the alley, no one cares what I have to say, but here, I feel heard and accepted and dare I say... loved?
tv-koth	life	wisdom	general	0	Dale: We gotta get out of here. The smoking breaks are too short, the food is good at best and the anti-depressants are making my mouth dry and happy.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bill raises his hand. Bill: (shouting) Can I get some glitter please? Bill: Why don't we just call Hank? Dale: No. Hank must never know we were in here. Our society stigmatizes the mentally ill... and rightfully so, these people are nuts!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne Platter: Aunt Peggy, Mister Kahn saw me naked! Joseph: (driving by on his bike) Oh man!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: So you found yourself a project. Do you get the same, uh, high I get from lawn care?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale's finger is stuck in Bill's beer can] Dale: "Let go of my finger!" Bill: "You let go of my beer!" Dale: "So help me, Bill don't mess with my trigger finger!" Bill: "Oh, what are you going to do, shoot me with my beer? I don't think so!"
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy sees a bumper sticker reading; 'My child is an honor roll student.' Peggy Hill: Oh yeah? Well my child is God to billions of Asians!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe Jack:"Baby did a bad, bad thing."
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: [while forming a line while skating with Nancy] Love train! Woo, woo!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: Aw, I've been at John Redc- uh, the gun club ... playing Russian Roulette. Nancy: Did you win? Dale: You're not familiar with the game, are you? Nancy: No... Dale: Yeah, I won.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank installs a low-flow toilet and flushes twice. Hank Hill: Still?
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank's lawn dies due to a drought and Bobby tries to help. Bobby Hill: Dad! I just took a thirty second shower and I'm gonna dry myself off on the lawn!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn attempts to explain why his lawn is so green during a severe drought. Kahn Souphanousinphone: I use secret Asian watering technique! I could spit in a thimble and water Central Park.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank is offered low flow toilets from water meter reader guy. Hank Hill: Well, I don't know. My toilets have given 15 years of dependable service. I'm not one of those guys who turns 40 and runs out and buys fancy new toilets.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill:..But, unfortunately, in the real world, where things don't flush like they do in the movies...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: "That makes a whole lot of sense... A whole lot of nonsense!"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn: [Answering a knock at the door] Use doorbell, you idiot. [Kahn opens the door and sees Joseph standing there] Connie, it's for you! Connie: If it's Bobby, slam the door in his face! Kahn: Oh, I wish it was, so I could!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Didi Hill: Sorry I'm late; I had to take three buses to get here: one to get here, one to go back and get G.H., and one to get here.
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank and Peggy are looking at all the children at the Santa's Village at Bill's house.] Peggy: Rented snow machines, all these lights it's like a carnival. I wonder how Jesus feels about this. Hank: It's Christmas and Bill's happy. I'll tell you how Jesus feels great.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: "Can't a man get his own Ranger Dog?"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: I'm gonna kick your asses!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: Why is it always about asses with you, Hank?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale has hired Octavio to destroy a puppet that frightens him. Octavio spies on Hank and Bobby while Dale spies on Octavio.]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Octavio: (Into a tape recorder) 11:15 A.M.: The man and the boy and the puppet leave the house.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: The only woman I'm pimping from now on is Sweet Lady Propane. And I'm tricking her out all over this town.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Trying to act like a pimp while confronting one.] Hank Hill: Alright, man, get outta that Jalopy and let's talk some bui'ness!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: I am the mack daddy of Heimlich County, I play it straight up, yo. You get the hell outta my 'hood!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: You get out... your hooker stuff... of my house!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Realizing the pimp realated stuff going on] Hank Hill: Son of a... BWAAH!!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: "Turbines!" (NOTE: He is in a air vent filled with roaches, he promptly rotates and kills several)
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	A sleeping Hank is awakened by a telephone call at home. Hank Hill: Uhh...Strickland Propane, taste the...I mean, hello?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne Platter: Uncle Hank, I quit being a virgin the first time I had sex.
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Peggy...I can see your whatnots.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank learns that Peggy had sex with another man before she got married.] Hank: Bwaaah!!! Peggy: He's gay now, if that makes you feel better. Hank: BWAAAAAAAAAH!!! Peggy: Of course it doesn't.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boomhauer: (To Bobby) "Hey man, your daddy quotes me? Hey man, maybe we'll stay mad at Hank for just one week." (Versus three)
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Why couldn't it have been me and Boomhauer that did something horrible to you guys? Bill: 'Cause Boomhauer's a saint.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: You want me to wear a fake hiney?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Tate: Mr. Hill, are your shoes fake feet?
tv-koth	life	quip	general	0	Diminished Glutes Support Group: [Chanting at race]: We're here! No rear! Get used to it!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: (When Dale's Porta Potti collapses while Hanks's in it) "He's a squatter!"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Senior#1: (Enters the boys' bathroom with his friends while Bobby is washing his hands) "Ha. Hey, Fresh meat, This is the seniors bathroom. I'm gonna shove your head in the toilet".
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: That's my purse! I don't know you!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bobby talks about his new penchant for kicking people in the groin.] Bobby: Hey, I didn't go looking for trouble. Trouble came-a-knockin' and Bobby Hill's foot answered the door.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: I wish I had a son to kick me in the nuts.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale suddenly kicks Bill in the groin] Dale: Be careful what you wish for.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: I'm sorry, Mom. It was a reflex. [Peggy jumps on him, then noogies him] Mom, okay! I said I was sorry! [groaning]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: (holding a plate of macaroons, small macaroons on one side, large macaroons on the other side) Macaroon? I've got entrance wound size, and exit wound size. (The small macaroons are called "entrance wound size", and the large macaroons are called "exit wound size".)
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: "Pocket sand!" (tosses sand in the eyes of his attacker)
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank is trying to choose a Christmas ornament. Hank Hill: How about this one? Cotton Hill: Peace!? I bet you would like that! Why don't you get one with a flag-burnin' on it? Besides, we're a Joy family.
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Dad, it's Jesus peace, not Hippie peace...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Didi Hill: I'm lucky. Cotton is so easy to shop for. Either he likes what I get him, and he's happy, or he hates it, and he shoots it, and he's happy.
tv-koth	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: Falcon, bring us back a vole. Sh-sh-sha!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The falcon immediately attacks Bill.] Bill: AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!! It bites!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Bill runs off.] Dale: ...so Bill's a vole.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: It said P-lacebo... it must be made by P-fizer.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: Gentlemen, the crap has literally been scared out of me.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale is talking to Joseph. Dale Gribble: You're like E.T., except E.T. was a purebred alien with a heart of gold. You're only half-alien and at times can be a tad self-absorbed.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Both he and his father believing he's an alien, Joseph explains to Bobby why Dale suddenly buys him a new large TV Joseph Gribble: He's just being nice to me so my real dad won't freeze him in carbonite and trade him for spice.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Dauterive: I've never had a caddy before. I'm gonna treat him like crap.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	At a market near the Mexico/US border Dale Gribble: I don't mean to sound racist, but this by far is the best selection of beans I have ever seen. I'm serious.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: No, you are not tripping, that is an emu.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale confronts his father.] Dale Gribble: Prepare to be beaten by the deadliest form of martial arts. Monkey style! Ooh, ooh, ahh, ahh!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale believes his father is hitting on his wife. Thus, he throws a knife and hits a mannequin near them.] Dale Gribble: Get away from my wife or next time I'll aim for the mannequin and hit you.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale talks to the audience at a gay rodeo.] Dale Gribble: Attention homosexuals and so called "bi"-sexuals.
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Nancy Gribble: This is supposed to be my re-wedding to Dale! My second chance! Why is God punishin' me? (looks up with her arms in the air) Why, sug?!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bug Gribble: : Oh my god, Hank! Are you gay? Hank Hill: What?! No! I sell propane!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Nancy Gribble: So, are you really okay with your dad being gay? Dale Gribble: Why would I have a problem with it? John Redcorn's gay, and I've been friends with him for years!
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Marlene: I'm going to be honest with you I only understand about half of what you say. The other times I just nod and smile and wait for your pants to come off.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Bill is picking on Boomhauer? He hasn't done that since he had hair.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: She's not coming back, honey.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: 'Course she is. She's Mr. Boomhauer's girlfriend.
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: Let's see, how can I explain this...? You know how you can be happy eating vanilla ice cream day after day after day? Well, Mr. Boomhauer isn't just like that. See, he likes to try different flavors.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: But he can have a new flavor every day! He's dating the ice cream lady!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: Mr. Boomhauer had grown-up sex with the ice cream lady, and now he's dumped her. You're never gonna have ice cream again, Bobby.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: We gotta do something. The alley was balanced before. A cool single guy, and a cool married guy. A loser single guy, and a loser married guy. Now it's me and three losers!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank meets his Japanese half-brother, who looks astonishingly like him, for the first time.] Hank: Bwah!!! Junichiro: (In unison with hank) Hwah!!!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: Good God! That is the biggest Hello Kitty store I've ever seen!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Junichiro: (To Hank) With all respect and honor, I would not be saddened if both you and your father went to Hell!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michiko (Junichiro's mother): This arrangement offered me many opportunities for difficulty.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank and Junichiro have just watch Cotton depart from the train station.] Junichiro: He will be proud of me. I was abrupt with an elderly woman. Hank: [sighs] We're too late. Our dad's on his way to spit in the emperor's face. Junichiro: Hwah!!!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: (Referring to Bobby's dancing at a concert) They weren't dancing like you and I dance. They were...enjoying it.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: (Upon Hank finding Bobby holding a Cheerleader uniform) There better be a naked cheerleader under your bed.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank- "If bobby Learns to cook and clean for himself whats his motivation to ever get married." Hank Hill: You shut your got-dang mouth or I'll shove that Ditch Witch down your throat and dig a tunnel straight through to sunshine!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Big Jim: Ha ha, that's telling him.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: 'Felt good, too.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Back off, Hank, or Octavio will mess you up.
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Octavio: Gribble, I don't care if he stays or goes. Where's the money you owe me, esse?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: You heard him.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: No, I don't.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Big Jim: No you don't, that's right! What are you looking at, sport? Don't you eyeball me! Don't you eyeball a JUNKYARD DOG! ARF! ARF! ARF! NOW YOU GOT THE DOG BARKING! YOU GOT IT! YOU GOT IT! ARF! ARF!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[yells, bellows, suddenly grabs his chest and keels over]
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill:I don't have an anger problem, I have an idiot problem!"
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Dauterive: You cut Dale's finger off for building a tunnel. I once made a vest out of your wife's underpants. I can't imagine what you'd do to me.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Police Office (thinking it's a domestic abuse situation): It always happens to the younger, prettier ones.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: (Yelling at Hank) If it were up to you, you would have filled my buddy tunnel with cement, so no one else could use it! (Note the sexual innuendo/double entendre, based on context of scene).
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Didi Hill: Hank has always been angry. When we were in kindergarten, and the other children would use the finger paints, he would pinch them. Hank Hill: You are a BALD FACED LIAR!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill(To Dale): It's gonna take a lot of hard work to repair this floor, and since this is all your fault, Mister, I'm not gonna let you help me. Bobby Hill:Can I help? Hank Hill:Yes, Bobby.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble:Objection, Conjecture, Objecture! Hank Hill: That's not even a word!
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: I hear Mega Lo Mart is taking bids for a rat problem. Boy, that'd be a sweet gig. I could finally start paying for Nancy's health insurance instead of just telling Nancy I'm paying for it.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Dale's losing it at Mega Lo Mart, Nancy. We need some traps for the rat, and a tranquilizer gun for... uh... also for the rat.
tv-koth	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Well, that's the calculated risk you take when you release a mongoose.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Dale and Chuck Mangione argue who's crazier) Chuck Mangione: You let a mongoose out in the store. Dale Gribble: You're living in a T.P. fort. Chuck Mangione: Let's agree to disagree.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boomhauer (In disbelief): Chuck Mangione. He's probably out there in Hollywood, you know, sticking his horn to dang ole Minnie Driver.
tv-koth	love	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne Platter: I closed my eyes and I was thinking of those stupid guys in my math class... oh, and the guy in the parking lot... and that volunteer pool cleaner who always comes by when I'm swimming. Angela: Tell me about it. I once fell for a free breast examination in a bar.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne Platter: Yeah, there's nothing worse than people not respecting you. Every time I get hooted at I have to take an hour of Tae Bo. Hank Hill: Tae Bo, is that that new oriental way of moving your couch around?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: (after Luanne explains Tae-Bo): Oh, it's dancing. Bobby Hill: Hmm. That sounds Hank Hill: No.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: Men are never going to respect us. That's why we've got to use what God or the surgeon gave us to get what they got: Money. Luanne Platter: So you'd do anything for money? Angela: Or a car.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: It's for the freakin' children!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: The clock radio smells like my Game Boy, but it tastes like my library card. I wonder if it smells different when it's on...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank gives a toast at Patch's rehearsal dinner. Hank Hill: Hank Hill, best man, Strickland Propane.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patch tries to shift the blame after being found out by his fiancee Patch Boomhauer: It was... Hank! Hank loves hookers!
tv-koth	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Can't you see you're not making Christianity better, you're just making rock and roll worse?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank punches Dale in the arm. Peggy: Hank, there's something I have to tell you. Hank: You did what?!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn is watching the Hills through binoculars. Kahn: Minh! Come quick! Hank and Peggy having old-school red-neck domestic squabble on front lawn!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mihn runs in with binoculars. Hank: How could you, Peggy? Minh: Oh, I bet she burn the meat loaf! Hank: It caused what? Minh: Why he point at his crotch like that? Hank: 20% shrinkage?! You want me to put a patch on my what?! Kahn: OK, this going in a weird direction now.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	The park ranger wishes all of the hippies well as they finally leave the park. Park Ranger!: Good Riddance! Go to Hell!
tv-koth	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: I ate hippie gumbo!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	During the middle of a flood, the town seeks shelter in the school gym. Kahn Souphanousinphone: Chaos already ruling. This like when city of Luang Prabang fall, and we snag sweet diplomatic license plates!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby starts passing out. Joe Jack: How is your back, honey? Hank Hill: Great Joe Jack, how is your gambling problem?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Dang it, I am sick and tired of everyone's asinine ideas about me. I'm not a redneck, and I'm not some Hollywood jerk. I'm something else entirely. I'm... I'm complicated!
tv-koth	nature	observation	general	0	Little girl:( as she notices the cattle coming) Look, Mommy! Moo cow!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	While staying in a time-share condominium in Mexico, Cotton comments on the quality of the bottled water in the room. Cotton Hill: They got the water what don't give you the hot poops!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Dauterive(Bill's card has been denied) I've Got other Cards, Do you take Blockbuster Hank Hill: Why would anyone do drugs when they can just mow a lawn
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby is mocking Hank when Hank is mistaken as female on his driver's license Bobby Hill: Now where did I put my pantyhose?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: I'm all jacked up on America right now! Anyone want to hear me recite the Constitution?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn Souphanousinphone: I will now tell stories of my childhood in Laos. Growing up in the village, I had two chickens. One of these was named "Phouma." I don't recall the name of the other chicken. Sometimes I would put both chickens in the wheelbarrow. This was very funny.
tv-koth	arts	tv-quote	general	0	(Meeting a famous Laotian soldier named Nguc Phong) Kahn Souphanousinphone: Hey, Minh, this guy serious butt-kicker! Anyway, I sorry they kill all your friends. Nguc Phong: Yes, that was unhappy for me.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: My father said he wouldn't get married until he became the Disputed Heavyweight Wrestling Champion of the World.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Uhhhhh. Did your father ever become the Heavyweight wrestling Champion of the World?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: No, neither he qualified for the weight. And my grandfather said he wouldn't get married until he spoke perfect French.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Oh, I don't think old grandpa ever got past saying "Bonjour".
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Nope.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Well I hate those pants more than life itself
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joseph: Oh man, he's really got it going on. Wait, did I just sound like a chick?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank is playing a Grand Theft Auto style video game called "Pro-Pain!" Hank Hill: Oh, God, I just stabbed a parking attendant! Where's the button to turn myself in?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Character in Pro-Pain!: I tell you what!
tv-koth	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Character in Pro-Pain!: Taste the meat and the heat!
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby and all of his classmates are marching down the street protesting. Old Man 1: Here they come to kill us. Oh well. Old Man 2: I liked it when we could just stick 'em in factories.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alejandro: We want a plane to Disney World. And 100 gallons of diesel fuel! Olivia: And we're not leaving until we get some Yuengling!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joseph is dressed as a Powder Puff cheerleader and is told to redress into his normal clothing. Joseph Gribble: But I'm so pretty!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: (After blowing up the shack that Hank just built because Hank's father wanted it destroyed) "Yee-haw! That was for you colonel!" (runs off)
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Lucky is on the case. That's usually what I say when I drink beer, but this time it refers to this mystery.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Kahn trying to find out who had sex in a train lavatory) Bill: I don't have an alibi. Kahn: You're Bill Dauterive, that's your alibi.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: You really enjoyed yourself this evening, didn't you Aunt Peggy? Peggy: (gasps) You know? Lucky: Good for you. Happy Birthday Aunt Peggy.
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Gribble: Well, Joseph went to his first sleepover last night. Didn't go so well, he's a cuddler, so I had to go pick him up.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	After Dale tells Hank he saw him driving away from the explosion: Peggy Hill: (Whispers) Oh, Hank! You must cover your tracks! We'll have to kill Dale!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Hill: Dad, I'm confused. So you should trust people until they betray you, and then try to blow them up?
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: Normal people buy things with credit cards.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Are you saying that Georgers are not normal people because they pay for things with cash?
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank is helping Lucky with his credit card application] Hank: Here under employer you put Costco, you never worked for Costco.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: No, but Costco gave me the slip on pee-pee money for my settlement.
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Pee-pee money is not an employment history and look, you left your social security number blank here [points to blank spot on Lucky's application].
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Oh, I don't have one of them social cards or a driver's license. My dad always said a man's wallet should only hold cash, razor blade and a lucky poker chip.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: Gentlemen, I'm sure you recall my long dreamt dream about building a guard tower in my yard.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Dale, the zoning board has turned you down six times and the last refusal was with extreme prejudice.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: True, but for a structure under 40 feet no variance is needed. Soon you'll live under the protection of my 39 foot guard tower! The zoning board has no say.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Dale, that is [Dale cuts him off mid-sentence]...
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: NO SAY!
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hoyt: (giving Bobby a gift) Here's something for this kid of yours.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby: My name is Bobby, Uncle Hoyt.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy:[sings to the tune of "La Cucaracha"] La Peggy Hill cha, la Peggy Hill cha! Doin' dishes in the sink.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Well, we're doing great on our list, Lucky. Later today we'll go see my guy about a will, you want to make sure the right people inherit your debts.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hoyt: I'll be back so quick you'll call me...Quickie McGee!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hoyt:I'm a lot better now, here I owe you. [takes out some cigarettes from the pack and hands them to Lucky] See, on the oil rig, these are like money.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Dad,were you in the state oil rig or in the federal?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hoyt: Smart man. [lays more cigarettes on the patio table] That means we're like family. Say I got 10 cigarettes and you pay me 10 more for watching your back. Now how many I got?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Twenty.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hoyt: No! Only 15 cause I gotta pay a tax to the guard.
tv-koth	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: Cigarette math is full of surprises.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kahn: Inspector, fine this redneck for reckless redneck-itude!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after Hoyt lands his 3rd strike and will be serving a lifetime prison sentence] Luanne: I'm just sad that Daddy had to back to his oil rig again.[turns to Lucky] He would be so proud of you.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Well, he sure would but they really need him on that oil rig. Otherwise they wouldn't have given him a life time contract.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy: Oil is very important to America.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luanne: Even more important than propane?
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Uh...yes Luanne. Oil is even more important...than propane.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: About that science teacher of yours, does he ever talk about, uh, going green? Bobby: I don't know. Do you ever talk about propane? My point is, he talks about all the time.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted Wassanasong: This was no act of God; look at those sledgehammer marks! It was the act of rednecks, on a drunken rampage.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: (After they rebuild neighbor's house) We should do this to Bill's house when he dies.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: What a nice lady. We used to talk about puppies and serial killers through the fence.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucky: I've seen a lot of nature documentaries and I find that most of life's questions can be answered with another question: what would a monkey do?
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Hill: Aw, you're (his new grand-niece) a cute one, I tell you what.
tv-koth	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Looking for a party] Buck Strickland: Son, what's the bad part of Memphis called? Jody "Ray Roy" Strickland: Memphis!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale: (Imitating Survivorman) There is no greater survival skill that the ability to start a fire without matches. Fortunately Arlen is rich in natural propane tank deposits.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peggy has asked for a cassette tape at a CD store. A man walks up to the clerk who is assisting Peggy. Man: Hey, do you have that song that goes, "Wah-nah-nah-nah-nah scroun-scrouna Wah-nah-nah-nah-nah scroun-scrouna?" Clerk: (To Peggy) I gotta... yeah.
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dale and Bill are wrestling over a beer can.] Kahn Souphinousaphone: Chain-smoking anorexic vs. that heart attack waiting to happen! Who will die first? Let's watch!
tv-koth	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cotton Hill: (In a letter) "Hank, if you're readin' this it means Fatty's dead. So I have to leave this task to the one most likely to screw it up: You."
tv-koth	family	tv-quote	general	0	[The series' last lines] Bobby: Well, Dad, it looks like this is the last one. Hank: Oh, you're just getting started, Bobby. You'll be grilling your whole life. Bobby: Just like you. Hank: Yep. Bobby: Yep.
