tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Now, what was that bitch thinkin'? Foxxy ain't a slave to nobody... nobody but the rhythm!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: [laughing] Oh my God! She thinks you're our servant, 'cause you're black! Ha ha, this is the best day of my miserable life! SWEET! I love racism!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Sometimes I cut myself to relieve the pain. Hee hee hee! Toot!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: I call dibs on the cat-fight. [Spanky starts urinating on Foxxy and Clara's cat-fight dust cloud] [as he sheds a tear] Why must I ruin everything beautiful?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Hey, pig! Great news! Foxxy just bought us an insane amount of alcohol! [pause] Captain Hero: Are you defecating into a cantaloupe? Spanky: [farts and craps] Uh... this is awkward. I guess if I just waited an hour, I could've chalked this one to the booze, huh?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Blue Ball: [In confessional] usually, Clara looks to us for advice, but this time it came from Spanky. And it was a good thing too, because I was going to ask her to shoot the president.
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: I never met anybody who didn't wanna kiss Foxxy...except...maybe Papa.
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: I saw Princess Clara with tears in her eyes. Man! Nothin' reminds me of my first time like a chick cryin'!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: If I can't be the sex symbol, then I can definitely be the BITCH!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling Ling: Ling-Ling kill you slowly and use your skull for sex, and a decorative bird house.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: What a cute dog! Want a bone, fella? Ling-Ling: [In confessional] Ling-Ling no dog! Ling-Ling here to destroy all, and to give children seizures!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky:[In confessional] We gathered up in the living room to vote Foxxy out. To be honest, I was totally looking forward to voting that hot, black chick out. Oh, wait a minute, not... not voting, I mean "eating".
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Clara: Foxxy, I want to apologize. Foxxy: Oh, you can apologize... by shut the fuck up!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: [after the fart bubble he's in pops] I'm free! Ha ha! I'm free! I'm free! I'm free! I'm free! Wait, my immune system! I'm not strong enough to live outside the bubble! [starts to crumble and screams]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	End Credits Bonus: Captain Hero waits for a 12-year-old Girl on a Donkey
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prince Charming: [after firing off a gun] I just wanted to see if this thing worked, before I blew my charming brains out!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Spanky: I, for one, am not just going to wait around to be swallowed by a giant vagina! [thinks for a minute] Huh? Oh... wait, no, no, no.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ling-Ling: Know what you can do? DO YOUR OWN DISHES, ASSHOLE!! Captain Hero: Ling-Ling's right! We must kill the beast. Captain Hero, Toot, & Xandir: KILL THE BEAST! Spanky: Misinterpret Ling-Ling!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Ahoho, we fell for the old 'neck-sprain well-lit pie' diversion. Xandir: Brava, Foxxy. Brava.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: Now, I normally don't listen to women, or my doctor, but Clara's story gave me a special feeling in my lumpy, lumpy testicle.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: Sorry, Foxxy, but that vagina is dead meat-- curtains!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Foxxy: When you was a little girl, your evil stepfather placed a curse on your vagina? Clara: What?! Weren't you paying attention? My evil stepmother... Mother! ...placed a curse on me! Toot: (to Foxxy) Uh-DUUUUUUUHHHHHH!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Spanky: It's like my grandfather always said: It's not what's on the outside of a vagina that counts, it's what's on the inside
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [in the confessional discussing the reward the housemates have just received] I thought the sewing machine was pretty lame, but someone was happy about it. [short pause] You know I'm talkin about the queer, right?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: All my life I've had one purpose: to be on a never-ending quest to save my girlfriend. But, now that I'm gay, I have no purpose. I wish I were dead.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: Thank you, Spanky-san, for giving Ling-Ling honor in hat form!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Xandir, instead of killing yourself, maybe you can just...stop being gay? Foxxy: Clara, that's just stupid! Homosexuality is something yo born with, like red hair or a dead twin
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Of course Xandir's gay, why else wouldn't he be attracted to all this? Wooldoor: 'Cause you're fat! And nobody likes fat chicks! Wheee!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Dare I say it? I am Xandir and I am on a never-ending quest to save my boyfriend!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Good-bye, cruel world! [dies and comes back] Good-bye, cruel world! [dies and comes back] Good-bye, cruel world... this could take a while.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lord Slash'n'Stab: Hahaha! I will steal this lamp for no particular reason! Hahaha!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: [to Xandir] Damnit Xandir, the noise! You're keeping us all awake! Can't you kill yourself more quietly like Bizarro Captain Hero did? [They look at a body that is hanging from a tree] Captain Hero: Uh... yeah. Killed himself. Of course. Tragic.
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Pac-Man: [lisping] Oh, my. Isn't this juicy? Does your girlfriend know? Xandir: Listen, Paccie, I know my girlfriend is best friends with your ex, but there's no reason that Ms. Pac-Man has to know I'm gay. Pac-Man: [puts on a bow] Oh, sweetie... I think she already knows.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Oh, c'mon! If you're in a bus station, and they're selling postcards for Bizarro World, you have to assume you're in Bizarro World, right? I mean, am I crazy?
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Call her. Your girlfriend deserves to know you love mangina. Xandir: Foxxy was right. She did deserve to know. And I do love mangina.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Hero complains that the prize is a sewing machine] Wooldoor: [talking to Captain Hero] Gee Mr. Hero, we can always sew a television. Spanky: That has to be the dumbest thing I've heard since I taught those special ed classes. But...seriously, those kids try hard.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Genie: Look, buddy, there's lots of gay reasons to live. I myself enjoy the ballet, grapes and snerf-nurgling cranollas. Clara: Wait, you mean, you're a gay too? Genie: Uh-DUHHHH!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Just get her royal heiny to sing again. I'll trap the critters, and we'll eat like dingoes in a maternity ward!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[after Wooldoor stands up to Spanky while singing Clara's song] Spanky: [singing] He's not the only one who can sing from his heart, I have the feelings inside that... Oh, fuck this shit! [walks off]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Bulimia is very destructive. To our personal property, bitch!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Toot, we all know you're bulimic. We don't know how you got started down this horrible road. Toot: But you're the one who showed me how to-- Xandir: All that matters now is that we get you to stop.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Poor Toot was feeling fat and sad. It was up to me to help her feel better about her disgusting, revolting, and hideous body.
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: I was so happy. With an endless supply of food, I could finally fill the loveless void inside me. Hee hee hee, Toot!
tv-drawntogether	food	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: For the food competition, we were split into two teams. The winners would eat like kings, but the losers would get no food at all, and surely starve like Mexicans.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: Ling Ling wake up inside land whale. Nothing to do. Only sex with chicken.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Foxxy: We'll always have Paris. That's what we called it when I smashed his penis with a lead model of the Eiffel Tower.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I've never bowed to any villain, or any Asian person, even though it's the polite thing to do. And I won't bow to Foxxy!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: My super stomach was super dissented. So I put away my pride, and my mildly amusing elephant underwear, and returned to Foxxy
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: It seems that every week my team gets the easiest challenge. It also seems that every week I blow the producers.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: When I don't eat, I don't crap! And when I don't crap, I don't eat!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Just do it, or you'll be lying at my feet in a pool of your own blood! In my urine! Which also has blood, but it's MY BLOOD!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Hand over the chipmunk and nobody gets hurt. Except of course the chipmunk, which gets gutted, eaten, and eventually passed.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I never check myself. Not for you, not for ticks, and not for melanoma!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Our team had to invent a low-carb cure for polio before the other team could put an egg in a bucket.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Hello, I'm Toot Brownstein. I play Toot Braunstein from the popular reality show, Drawn Together. In this episode, we poorly dealt with eating disorders.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: [In confessional] Ling-Ling so want visit from father. He great warrior/dry cleaner. He coined classic phrase... "No ticky, no washy."
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I know I should have been more mad with Spanky, but I just won 50 bucks!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Bleh, you are the wind beneath my wings. Bleh: "Contrived, manipulative, and shamelessly sentimental" raves Peter Travers from Rolling Stone.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: We come from two different worlds. I come from the planet Zebulon and you came from a mom who drank when she was pregnant.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: What's a Bleh? Is that one of your jive words like "emancipation?"
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: Damn! Clara's cousin is so hot! [his nipples harden] Spanky: Yeah, she's, like, retarded hot! [his nipples also harden, followed by four additional ones]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Captain Hero notices there is a dart in his neck] Captain Hero: What the... [cut to Clara holding a blowpipe] Clara: Just a little added protection. You get the antidote when I get my Bleh back.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xandir: It just didn't make sense. When we licked Ling-Ling last time we got all fucked up, but this time nothing happened. Well, we got a little aroused... but not fucked up!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Bleh leaves] Spanky: You OK, man? Captain Hero: No, I don't think I'll ever be OK Spanky: Hey, I'm sorry, man. Wanna to grab a beer? Spin it and kiss whoever it points too? Captain Hero: No. Not right now [pause] Spanky: How about now? Captain Hero: Yeah, all right.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Captain Hero, Spanky, and Wooldoor are playing "Spin the Bottle" and when Captain Hero spins it lands on Wooldoor] Wooldoor: WHEEEEEEEEEEE! Captain Hero: Hey! If you're going to be gay about this, you cant play! Wooldoor: Sorry.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Clara totally had it all wrong. Bleh was an adult, and perfectly capable of making decisions on her own...or not.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[poking Ling-Ling with a stick] Xandir: Look at me! I've become the very thing I hated most! Toot: A guy who pokes things with sticks?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero, Spanky, Wooldoor: Triple kiss!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: Yes, I was confident that by the end of the night I'd have another notch on my utility belt and fifty bucks in my pocket, but then, I realized something. Bleh, she was really special, but not in a retarded way. In a traditionally special way.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Foxxy, what's the matter? Foxxy: There's a ma-hazzle, Captain He-zazzle Captain Hero: I'm sorry, Foxxy. I don't speak Blackanese.
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: You're in a wheelchair. Society no longer values you. Spanky: Yeah, and even if they did, you don't even where they've taken Foxxy Captain Hero: We're all on a reality show, uh-duuuuuuuuuuuuuuh!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Spanky challenges an unconscious Foxxy to a game of Win, Lose or Draw.] Spanky: [showing a drawing of the promotional poster for Jaws] You know this one! It's a movie! It's about a hideous, remorseless beast! Toot: Time's up Spanky: It's Yentl! YENTL! YOU SUCK!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: You ask me if I have a God complex? I am God.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the soldiers have taken Foxxy] Spanky: Captain Hero, do something! Captain Hero: I can't...I gave up my powers! NOOOOOOOOO!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Follow me! [sees a set of stairs] NOOOOOOOOO! [sees another set of stairs] NOOOOOOOOO! [sees yet another set of stairs] NOOOOOOOOO!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[After Hero manipulates evolution and creates people made entirely of boobs] Captain Hero: I just realized... I'm an ass man. NOOOOOOOOO!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: "Tumor?" "Racism?" Dr. Wooldoor, are you just making up words again, like "morbid obesity" or "adult-onset diabetes?"
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: You know, at first I was uncomfortable with the idea of showering with another woman, but then the producers forced me.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: Damn it, people, Foxxy's in trouble! Now is the time for us to stand up--or remain courageously seated--and be the heroes I know we can be! Now who's with me? [nobody reacts] [annoyed] There's an Orange Julius along the way!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: How dare you look at us naked with your X-ray vision! Rhino: Seriously, how dare you! I'm leaving. By which I mean the planet! Unless things change, people. Unless things change...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: [about the racially-stereotyped Native Americans in one cell] Now, see, that's not funny. Those people got a raw deal.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xandir: You got the tickets to the zoo? Captain Hero: What? I thought you had them! [Xandir holds up the tickets and they laugh] Oh, Xandir, trick me like that again and I'll fucking kill you.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pizza Man: May this life bring you the happiness it has so consistently denied me.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bodyguard: Hear ye, hear ye! The King is about to barge in unexpectedly!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Please, Spanky, give me a second chance. Didn't you get one when you were given that dead teacher's liver? Spanky: You're right. [takes a bottle of liquor] Here's to second chances! [chugs the bottle]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Wooldoor: If anyone needs me, I'll be in the Clock Tower. [cocks a sniper rifle]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: I'm sorry, I don't remember ordering this pizza... [opens the box, and a turd is in it] with sausage!
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: [In confessional] The princess was so excited, I figured I give her a chance and call the pizza-man. That was a big mistake. I mean, it wasn't as big a mistake when I converted to Islam in August of 2001, but, still pretty big.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: [In confessional] What a fiasco. The pizza would be here in thirty minutes or less. And with Foxxy's hands still stuck in her hair, she was more useless than a Mexican.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Little game? Did you just say "little game?" The travel size edition of Battleship, that's a "little game." Screwing around with the pizza man, that's a way of life, my friend!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Blah blah blah! I'm Captain Hero and I can fly! And I... Captain Hero: Do you mind, fudgy? I'm on the phone! Toot: I don't care. I gotta call my AA sponsor! Captain Hero: [in a girlish voice] I said I'm on the phone!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Go to the mall? Is that some kind of gay code? Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Sometimes I think Captain Hero cares more about those boots than our friendship. I bet they never slew the Man Troll on Rainbow Mountain. I said "slew," right?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	King: Now, Clara, do you promise to stay away from that boyishly handsome pig?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Here's how it's gonna go down. I'm gonna finish my hair. Spanky, you order the pizza. And Clara, you go into the confession room and tell the camera how you never felt so aliiiiiivvvve. Clara: [In confessional] My first naughty prank! I've never felt so aliiiiiivvvve!
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: You used to care about me... about us. Captain Hero: What? Xandir: You used to say I was pretty. Captain Hero: No, I didn't. Xandir: You used to dress up for me. Captain Hero: Just that one time
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I figured, what the hell. Make the gay kid happy. Besides, I know a certain pony-less superhero who had a few choice words for Mr. Claus.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: But if we don't fight, or drink, or fuck, or suck, or jerk, or three-way fuck, or necro-fuck-philia, then the Producers won't have no show to show.
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Now Foxxy Love did not want a riot to break out. Even though she sho' could use a new TV set!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Before coming on this reality show, how many times have you guys really been in a Mexican standoff? Clara: Oh, what a cute name for it! Wooldoor: Twice!
tv-drawntogether	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Bucky Bucks: I am Bucky Bucks, eccentric billionaire. The producers have sent me here to announce a competition, the winner of which will help me run my billion dollar empire. Clara: Bucky Bucks? Foxxy: Billion dollar empire? Spanky: Parody of The Apprentice?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Now, I didn't like the Jell-O wrestling idea, but the producers gave me a golden opportunity, and just like that necklace some fool left on Clara's dresser, I'm gonna take it.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: Let's blow this goddamn house to bits!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Like the unfortunate head of a boy with a pituitary gland disorder, my army was slowly growing!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: The Pillsbury Doughbroad is right! [pokes Toot in the stomach] Toot: Hoo-hoo!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: Oh my god! We're trapped? I'm, like, totally freaking out! I wish the Green Lantern was here! He always knows how to relax me... [rubs his nipple suggestively]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: We're all gonna die! Captain Hero: I guess it really is gay over! [high-fives Spanky] Spanky: Yeah!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Cut me, Ling-Ling, cut me. [Ling-Ling takes a razor to Toot's leg] Ahh...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Now, we're not blowin' up anything. Some of the greatest leaders in history like Gandhi, Doctor King, and Rocky IV to a lesser extent, achieved the possible through non-violent means.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: That's right, Producers! We figured out your little game. Mama didn't raise no fool! And Papa didn't raise me at all!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Toot, I know nobody has ever said this to you before, but you was right. Toot: Uh, DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHH!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Nobody throws me face-first into Jell-O but ME!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: [repeated line] What is going on?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	End Credits Bonus Feature: The Housemates were crying during the song I Wanted You To Know Captain Hero: [In confessional] With my superpowers, I could easily have saved my housemates, but I couldn't react. WHY? Because I smoke marijuana. Still think drugs are cool?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: I want Sweetcake out of the house now! Spanky: [sarcastically] Wah, wah, wah, she slaughtered my family!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Well, the real crime here is that nobody's banged her yet, am I right? [Short pause] I'm not gay.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Clara: Can we talk about how great our new roommate is? She's, like, so great! Xandir: To Sweetcake, for making us prove that we're all replacable Captain Hero: And to the teeniest ass you can tap without setting off an AMBER Alert.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Strawberry Sweetcake: Foxxy Love? What are you doing here? Foxxy: You think you the first barely legal chick to tie me up and eat my friend right in front of me?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after the helicopter has crashed] Spanky: [to Captain Hero] Well, this, like Xandir in a room full of fat China men, blows chunks.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: How old are you, Strawberry Sweetcake? 8? Strawberry Sweetcake: More like 18, silly-willy! I just taste 8. Spanky: She's so legal!
tv-drawntogether	life	quip	general	0	Strawberry Sweetcake: You can't spell Slaughter without laughter!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Wilma, tell us about you, girl. Wilma: I'm the kind of person who uses an armadillo for an iron, a pterodactyl for a record player and a prehistoric worm for a tampon. Worm: It's a living.
tv-drawntogether	food	tv-quote	general	0	Islander: Wow. I have not seen that much fish-eating since Lilith Fair come to island. [cut to another native making a rim shot]
tv-drawntogether	food	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: I don't want my new friends to think I'm ungrateful, but when people promise to keep Toot well-fed, they goddamn better keep Toot well-fed!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Looks like you'll be spending a choco-lotta time behind candy bars! [Slight pause] Clara: [quietly] Goddammit, I hate you.
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Cop: You don't have a mystery-solving license? Foxxy: Child, I didn't even go to college. Cop: Well then, we're gonna have to let this guy go. Foxxy: But he's a child molester! Cop: A licensed child molester.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Foxxy Love is went to college!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Die or gay marry a Homo, I didn't know what to do, but I tell you what... You decide America!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: I tried to study up for them SATs, but it became abundantly clear that this was just another conspiracy to keep the black man down... like swimming.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: This whole test is racially biased! Question one: "What SPF lotion would you use if your were going down to the polo grounds, fellow Klan member?" Clara: [With tan rings around her eyes] Oh, you don't need sun block if you got your clan hood on. Everyone knows that, Foxxy.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling Ling: Talk to honorable hand, honorable face ain't ristening.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Timmy the Paper Baby: (in the confessional) Someday, when I grow up, I'm gonna be an origami swan. You'll see! A big, beautiful, origami swan. So FUCK YOU.
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Marriage isn't about having sex, ask any married person!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I needed to phone home, and that's exactly what I would do as soon as I was done playing with my new sex robot Robot: [In confessional] N-O means N-O. Why doesn't he just remove the chip that makes me feel pain?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Thank you unborn baby whale. You were as helpful as you were delicious.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Chil', what is up with Captain Hero? Lately, he's been an emotional wreck. [we see Captain Hero in various emotional moments] Maybe he ran outta his superpower potion, if you know what I mean.
tv-drawntogether	food	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: We order Zebulonese take-out all the time. You love the deep-fried Zebulon eggs. [eats an egg] Captain Hero: I never put the two together.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Foxxy: Those goddamn cunt shit dumbass piss fuck meatball dick cock motherfuckers!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	End Credits Bonus Feature: The housemates go "Yip yip yip" around the telephone.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Unusually Flexible Girl: I missed you more than a retard misses the point. Captain Hero: What do you mean?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [In confessional] there was no way I was marrying that crazy chick! The only thing this superhero is married to is his work. And possibly a Filipino transvestite in Albany. Oh, that was one crazy Yom Kippur!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I just wanted her because I couldn't have her, and now that I have her I don't want her. It's just like that time I was all excited to catch herpes.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Unusually Flexible Girl: After the wedding, we can move in with my mother Unusually Jewish Woman and you can go into my father's business! [Captain Hero breaks wind]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: This is so wonderful, now everybody's happy! [Cuts to Ling Ling outside with a party set up. No-one is there except a sad Ling-Ling] Ling Ling: This worst birthday party ever.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Well, Wooldoor, duty calls Wooldoor: Wait, are you gonna sleep with her or are you gonna make a poopy? Captain Hero: If all goes well...both
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy Love: [In confessional] Foxxy Love was finally back! And like those assholes that died on top of Mount Everest, I intended to stay there
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: You made it! Foxxy Love:: [after seeing herself on the television] Oh my god, I'm on the picture square!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: Don't make me kick your ass! Wooldoor: Don't make me suck your dick! Captain Hero: Don't make me cuddle you like a baby! Wooldoor: Don't make me suck your dick!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Have you noticed that we haven't been getting any screen time this week? Toot: Well, duh; that's because we've been in the basement all week making this awesome potato gun!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: I couldn't believe everybody thought I was yesterday's news. Sure, the Foxxy 5 ain't had a hit in 20 years, but our message is still fresh: Have lotsa unprotected sex and defeat the Soviet Union.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [In confessional] Now that I was free from the suffocating grip of Unusually Flexible Girl, I was able to sit back, laugh and enjoy watching Wooldoor ruin the rest of his life.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ni-Pul: I have a crazy thought. Now, bear with me: What if instead of battle, we just fuck? Ling-Ling So you're suggesting we drop metaphor and Ling Ling stick his crispy noodle in your duck sauce?
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Don't worry Jesus, I shall stop this abomination before it saves the life of countless millions!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [In confessional] the club was jumpin', and Ling-Ling was surrounded by babes. But, somehow, we got stuck hanging out with Ling-Ling's lame friend, Steve from Long Island
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	edgy	1	[After Foxxy proposes that the Bible is open to interpretation] Bob the Cucumber: ENOUGH FUCKING TALK!! IN THE NAME OF GOD, PUT THE FUCKING CLUM BABY DOWN!!
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy Love: That's just retarded! What if God invented clum babies because he wants Clara to live? Larry The Tomato: But the bible says-- Spanky Ham: Yeah, the bible says lots of things. But not very clearly.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Aaah, this feels so good! Now I see why Captain Hero does it all over the pool-table late at night when he thinks no-one is watching
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Foxxy: [In confessional] so I took it upon myself to teach Wooldoor how to get it on with his bad self. And all you horny college kids: Now would be a REAL good time to flick off the lights, grab some lotion, and pull out a big ol' box of tissues!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy Love: [In confessional] Spanky and I convinced Wooldoor yo use his magical clum babies to help those in need. Foxxy was finally gonna fulfil her dream of buyin' a million dollars' worth of lotto tickets!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[They see Wooldoor humping a toaster] Clara: Wooldoor Sockbat! What in God's great, white Earth are you doing?! Wooldoor: Can't... stop... humping!
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Oh my god! The Veggie Fables! I love your religious propoganda clumsly disguised as children's entertainment
tv-drawntogether	life	dark	general	0	End Credits Bonus Feature: Bob the Cucumber's killing spree played backwards.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Goddammit Princess, if there wasn't a good chance that I was pregnant and that fall didn't help me out of a real jam I would kick your ass.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Are you thinking what I'm thinkin'? Captain Hero: Pig, you've got a bet to place. Captain Hero is taking one last dive. And then I'm cutting that pig out
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	The King: Who is that sexy servant girl? Clara: You mean Foxxy? The King: She sure is... That's one civil rights protester I can't wait to turn my hose on...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Spanky: Captain Hero, do you think you can beat The Mad Felcher? Captain Hero: Are you kidding me? That guy sucks ass!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: The evil Koala Bear Rapist. That guy's a total dick! And I won't even tell you what he does to koala bears!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: At last we meet Super Nanny! So whatcha got? A little X-ray Vision, heat vision or, like our president, no vision at all? [Laughs] [In confessional] That's Super Satire.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Super Nanny: What's going on in here? Toot: Oh nothing, Captain Shero is just trying to take my barrette! Captain Hero: It's pronounced Captain "Hero", the 'S' is silent, you hit-head!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: [In confessional] Everyone thinks I'm a liar. Well I'm a lot of things, I'm an astronaut, I'm a basketball player, I'm the President of the Universe with a 14 inch cock! But I'm not a liar.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [In confessional] I learned that just because something the word "super" in their name, that doesn't make them super! On the other hand, if you put "le" in front of a word, it does make it classy, like "lesbian", the classiest women of them all.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Wooldoor Sockbat: [trying to decipher the Mad Libber's note] I don't get it Spanky, how do you "horribly penis" someone? Spanky Ham: Ok, but I'm only going to show you this one more time. [Begins to unzips his swimming trunks]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[Wooldoor is crying] Spanky Ham: If you don't stop your crying, two things are going to happen: I'm going to have an orgasm, and then I'm gonna fall asleep. Is that what you want?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wooldoor is doing a striptease for Captain Hero] Captain Hero: You know, when Captain Girl danced for me, SHE at least had the decency to tuck her balls between her legs! Wooldoor Sockbat: But, I am not... [Captain Hero leaves and slams the door] ...Captain Girl.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[Captain Hero finished the Mad Libber's note] Captain Hero:: Well, that seems to be it. "I, the evil Mad Libber, viciously penised Captain Girl for getting too penis to my ingenious penis."
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: I think that tram is about to fall! Captain Hero: Yeah, you take care of that. I'm trying to read Hustler [In confessional, holding a Hustler magazine] it gives every man x-ray vision, if you know what I mean. Buy a copy today and see for yourself
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Toot: She just needs some discipline. Baby, you're grounded! [her baby gives her the finger] HEY! Watch the language, you filthy whore! Don't make me wash my mouth out with ham!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: Live-Action Cow had saved all our lives and everyone loved her, especially me. I always dreamed of meeting a woman with 6 penises
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: I can't outrun a squirrel! But it won't matter as long as I can outrun you! [kicks Clara in the leg] Clara: Oh fuck! Captain Hero: Save yourselves! [Runs off]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Wooldoor: I put some peanut butter on my balls. [gets out 2 tennis balls smeared with peanut butter.] That way you'll have more tendency to chase after them... When I put them up my ass!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Did you talk with him? "Tim": You tell me ["Tim" looks to Xandir. "Tim's" face is all bruised] Xandir: You poor baby! What kind of a jerk would hit himself wearing glasses?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Spanky: Put the gun down. Pluto: [holding Goofy hostage] He's the only fucking dog who's good enough to wear fucking pants? Well, I wanna wear the fucking pants for once! [shoots Goofy with the gun and then puts the gun in his mouth and shoots himself]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[after one of Spanky's farts] Toot: Goddammit Spanky! It's farts like that that made EW gave us a fucking F! [a fart sound comes from her] [giggling, blushing] Oopsie!... What? That was a queef! And I only laughed 'cause it tickled! [starts scratching her crotch]
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Ever since we got that F, thangs seem to just fall apart. Now, some would say we's a bit oversensitive to the honest criticism of a professional TV reviewer, but in our defense: FUCK YOU EW! [gives the finger]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After seeing Hero playing the badminton challenge very badly] Spanky: Dude, you're the worst athlete I've ever seen! And I've been to, like, every Special Olympics.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Finally, I was in a place where no-one would judge me! Well, except maybe Judge Fudge. Judge Fudge: I ain't ever judged you, baby. I'm far too busy being delicious.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain hero: I did it Popeye, I did it for you! [Popeye's face appears in the sky] Who the hell is that asshole?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Producer: Congratulations, original cast of Drawn Together. For winning the badminton game, you'll receive a pound of ground beef and a quarter cup of water. Helping Hand: Boo-ya! That's all I need. [high-fives the Transformer]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Transformer: Proceed to main title sequence
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Spanky: I feel so guilty. Clara: Me too. Poor Wooldoor. Spanky: Not about that, I watered down one of the lemonade jugs with my piss. If only I could remember which one.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [elbowing Wooldoor out of his way] Out of the way, subplot, main story coming through!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Clara: [As "Mary Lou Slutsky"] Hey, Xandir. My mama finally got her settlement check and bought herself a double-wide Captain Hero: Yes, and she deserved it. She gave up ten years of her life and six of her fingers for that chicken plant
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: I know what would help: If we all did a little role-playing exercise Foxxy: Oooo, that's a great idea! Toot, you can be Xandir's mama, and Captain Hero, you can be Xandir's...uh... Wooldoor: Papa? Foxxy: [ecstatic] Papa? Where?! Oh...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: I guess we can give this a shot. Mommy, daddy, I'm gay. Captain Hero: [As Xandir's father] Well son, I know I speak for the both of us when I say... Captain Hero & Toot: Uh, DUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHH!!!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Xandir, we're sorry about before. We really wanna help Xandir: No. You'll just mock me again Captain Hero: No we won't, gay friend. I swear on you're gay eyes
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: I should've known you would mock me. Life is just one, big, mildly-amusing cartoon to you guys! Captain Hero: Come on, buddy, you know we all hate you
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [as Xandir's father] Padre, can you fix him? Xandir: I'm not broken, dad! Captain Hero: Well, I guess that's the difference between you and my heart!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: [as Xandir's father] Told you not to huff airplane glue when you were pregnant! Toot: [as Xandir's mother] At least airplane glue knew how to make me feel good, Zema dick! Captain Hero: [as Xandir's father] ZEMA HELPS ME RELAX!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: [as Xandir's mother] I don't want my son to go to hell... or wherever the gays and Jews end up.
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Well, that went well. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a nooner. [to a random kid] So, you want to be an altar boy. Kid: No I don't. You took me from the playground. Wooldoor: [demonically] God took you from the playground. Weeeeeeee!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: I just adore it! It's so much slimmer now. Wait! What's that? Wooldoor: That's just a freckle. Clara: Sweet Jesus! Get rid of it! NOW! Wooldoor: Relax, Clara. Lots of pussies have freckles, like Ron Howard!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Foxxy: Oh my God, Clara's vagina is killin' those old bastards!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vajoana: Who are you wearing? Who are you wearing?
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Clara: Oh my goodness! My whites-only drinking fountain is just beautiful! Wooldoor: Sorry fellas, we can't show you Clara's pink sink. Don't blame us, blame the FCC, which stands for faggoty cock-blocking clamfuckers! Wheeeeeeeee!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Octopussoir: Two pieces of advice, Princess. One: You won't wanna change your body, if you learn to love it. And two: When you wipe, it's front to back. Narrator: An important lesson was learned that day on Wisteria Lane. Even the slimiest cunt can get a job in real estate.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Jew Producer: [To a wild audience] Okay, settle down. [the audience keeps cheering] I SAID SHUT THE FUCK UP! [gets out a gun and shoots. The audience sits down. A scream is heard]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jew Producer: So cast, what'cha doin'? Spanky: Same old, same old. What's with you? Jew Producer: Just hosting the season finale Spanky: How's that going? Jew Producer: Not too well. I shot someone.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Ling-Ling: He my father, Ling-Ling deserve money, not you.... filthy srut! [spits] Toot: Hey, I'm no slut, I earned this money! I've been letting Jun-Jee ram his tank into my Tienanmen Square! [In confessional] Sadly, he always ignored the little student.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jun-Jee: Jun-Jee decide... no one get his fortune! Ling-Ling: YOKO OH-NO! Toot: Yoo-hoo Ho-ho!
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Ling Ling: Fine. But only if we split it 50-50. Toot: You want half my ho-ho? I SHOULD KILL YOU WHERE YOU STAND!!!!!!!! Ling Ling: Nooooo. Half of father's fortune.
tv-drawntogether	life	quip	general	0	Jun-Jee: Space turns Asians into queers. That only explanation for George Takei.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: It's Ling-Ling money! Toot: No, it's my money! Ling-Ling: It's Ling-Ling money! Toot: It's my money! Ling-Ling: It's Ling-Ling money! Toot: That's my money! Ling-Ling: Duck season!
tv-drawntogether	life	insult	general	0	Jun-Jee: I am ashamed to call you Ling-Ling Hitler-bin-Laden-Seacrest!
tv-drawntogether	family	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Hey Foxxy, when are you gonna contribute to the parent pile? Foxxy: When my daddy get back from buyin' them cigarettes.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Foxxy: Mm-hmm! I have never had so many wieners in my mouth all at once. [Her nipples elongate] Maybe that one time in college... [Her nipples elongate] I ain't no Pinocchio! [Her nipples elongate]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Senators! A children's TV show won't make boys get fellatio. Watching TV on the sofa can't turn your girl into Martina Navratilova. So senators, if you protect Wooldoor's free speech, I'll massage your prostates, each.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Cum on me if you want to live. Wooldoor: I think you mean, "come with you". Xandir: Wh, why, what did I say?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: No Xandir! Like Paul McCartney's ex-wife, we're not running anymore!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: What a weird night, first I was partying and drinking with my friends, much like a drunken pro athlete. Then I was crying and running for my life, like the wife of a drunken pro athlete!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Quick Xandir! Snarf my cavernous bunghole you snerd-nurgling Jew! Xandir: Don't you mean, "hold on"? Wooldoor: Why, what did I say?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Female Transformer: Not in the hair, I have a date tonight!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: While those bastards stuffed their faces at the Wiener-mobile, I was trapped in the closet with nothing but some old coats! And Clara's golf umbrella which I've since renamed the expandable pleasure wand...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Xandir: Wooldoor, you saved the Gay Future. I wish I could see it one last time... So beautiful... Semen.. everywhere...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: I was deader than a racist walrus lost in the Detroit projects after dark. [cut to a walrus surrounded by some black people] Walrus: Don't any of you shwoogies have jobs? Black man 1: The hell did you say!!! Black man 2: Lets get him!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	joke	general	0	Terminator: What's the difference between a woman with the PMS and a terrorist? - You can negotiate with the terrorist.
tv-drawntogether	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: So now you're from the future, too? I thought you were from a video game. Xandir: VIDEO GAMES ARE THE FUTURE!!! Wooldoor: HELP! He's got a gun! Xandir: Wooldoor, wait! Come on my back! [gets tackled by cops] Wait, what did I say?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Captain Hero: Hey, do you know what they call vagina in France?...Royale with Cheese
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: If you put your show on, it'll turn the children gayer than a magician! Wooldoor: OH MY GOD! Wait, street or Vegas? Clara: VEGAS! Wooldoor: OH MY GOD!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Female Transformer: (In robotic voice) I did not think that could be an input! Oh! Foxxy: It's hot, but sad. You just know that fighter-plane/dinosaur was molested.
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: What in the name of one-dimensional characters and predictable reactions is going on here?!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain hero: (to the terminator) But wait, bro. I didn't get to tell you my absolute favorite things about the bagina. It bought me close to you.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Hey look everybody, it's our new friend the singing robo-biker! All: [singing] Welcome to Wooldoor's World, where everybody loves bagina. Every shape and size...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Nobody kills Wooldoor's dreams, not my close-minded parents, not my oppressive 3rd grade teacher, not the tough but fair drill instructor who taught me how to be an officer and a gentleman, AND NOT YOU, TER-MIN-AT-OR FROM THE FUTURE!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	End Credits Bonus Feature: Foxxy watching Sex Transformers.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Captain Hero, take me home! Captain Hero: You're not having fun? Clara: You're making out with our waiter!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Stick with me, and you'll be the best thing to come out of spelling since Tori's fat head! Foxxy: Why you dissin' on Tori? Spanky: She knows what she did.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	CaptAIN Hero: Oh, what's the use? I don't deserve someone as good as you. Just like I don't deserve to wear the tie my father was buried in
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Clara and Captain Hero on another date] Clara: I'm so glad you gave us a second chance. Hero: Well, at first- Clara: [angry] SHUT UP! [silent, more gently] I mean... shut your fucking face, my sweet.
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: [In confessional] We started going out a lot and I think that Clara started to really like me. I was more excited than a passed-out college girl in my bedroom!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Uhh...D...O...G. Cat! [Buzzer sounds] Spelling Bee Judge: No I'm sorry but that's not the correct spelling of 'centrifuge'.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spelling Bee Judge: All right Ling-Ling, if you get this wrong, the Peanuts win. Your word is...'L'. [Since Ling-Ling can't say "L" properly, he looks at the screen and then forfeits by disappearing]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Snow White: That's what we get for letting Mulan drive.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Stay with me, Sleeping Beauty! Sleeping Beauty: But... I'm tired... so... very... tired...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie Brown: Oh yeah, we beat you worse than Linus' dad beats him. Linus: You'll protect me, won't you Blue Blanket?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Toot: I'd give Spanky's left testicle for an Applebee's coupon! Spanky: Too late... I already gave that testicle to my one true love... Cancer.
tv-drawntogether	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Hey, look! The 7-Eleven's hiring! Hadji: Mom and Dad got fired?
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Can we play the Rocky Training Song? Spanky: Only if we can afford it.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: And remember kids: never mess with the emotions of a dangerous lunatic.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spelling Bee Judge: For the win, your word is... "illogical." As in: You being allowed to compete after someone else has already won is highly illogical. Foxxy: Illogical, y'all. I-L-L-O-G-I-C-A-L, Y-apostrophe-A-L-L. Illogical, y'all.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Clara: Wait, you're leaving? Then I'll no longer receive the attention I so desperately crave; hmmm...hey, Wooldoor; maybe before you leave, I can make you one last bowl of chicken soup? Wooldoor: Soup?! FUCK YEAH! I LOVE THAT SHIT!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Don't you see, Xandir? There is only one expalantion for this. HE...IS...MY...SON!! Xandir: Of course he is.
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Clara: Taking orders from a black girl?! Who does she think I am, Thomas Jefferson's penis?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	After Wooldoor nearly drowns, Foxxy gives him CPR, and her golden teeth fell out. Foxxy: [In a polite English accent] Capital! Thank goodness I'm certified in Cardiopulmonary Resucitation. [She puts the teeth back in and reverts to her normal style] Mouth to mouth, y'all!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Clara, you've gone crazy! You're poisoning me! Clara: Oh, Wooldoor, you don't mean that. That's just the poison I'm using to poison you with talking.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: How could you possibly have a son? You said you had your balls removed. Captain Hero: No, I said I had my ball-SACK removed. Besides, I always pull out! Xandir: That's not a foolproof method. [Xandir is in the confessional holding a baby] Right, Craig?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jesus: Look at that heeb pretending to drown. Those Jews kill me.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: [to Wooldoor] You are so lucky to have someone like me stabbing you with a rusty screwdriver like this.
tv-drawntogether	life	dark	general	0	Bill Cosby: Without the pudding, I'm just another unemployed sexual predator.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Clara: Foxxy, look out in the hallway! It's another Denzel Washington! With two penises! Foxxy: Double-dong Denzel! Wait a minute, there ain't no one out in that hall except triple-dong Wesley Snipes!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bambi You killed my mother! Captain Hero Sucks to be you.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Like a tampon, once I had a taste for blood, I wanted more.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: I did not not raise yo' papa to not raise you to be no criminal!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bambi: Just give us a fighting chance, Mr. Hero. Maybe Mommy would've lived.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bambi: Wait, come back! I killed my own mother for this!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge Fudge: I don't have time to rule on your motion. I'm far too busy... being delicious.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Capt. Hero: Fuck you, duck!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Soon I'll have more arms than the wackiest god in all of India!
tv-drawntogether	nature	tv-quote	edgy	1	Bambi: I'm not saying you need to stop hunting... Captain Hero: Bitchin'! [aims a sniper rifle at Bambi] Bambi: ...but using assault rifles and armor-piercing bullets is just not fair!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	King of Mexico: [as a giant monster worm] I don't have to wear pants anymore! Ling-Ling: You've gotta be shitting me.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: Who knew something so Mexican could move so fast?
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: Come on, Ling-Ling. If you win this match, we'll finally have enough money to return to the land of indoor toilets!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Capt. Hero: Oh, ladies! What does Captain Hero have in common with Lance Armstrong's left testicle? We are both single! And we're sensitive to cold. [A cold wind passes and his head shrinks]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Xandir and Wooldoor are playing "Dungeons and Dragons"] Xandir: This is so boring! Wooldoor: You know, when Hero's not around, "Dungeons and Dragons" seems to be a lot less about hand-jobs and a lot more about trolls
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: Our plan was working great. We were making more money than a televangelist in a room full of impressionable retards. For more information about this joke, please visit the South!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Capt. Hero: [Voiceover] I was an even bigger loser than a Christian scientist in a sensible religion contest!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: Now that honorable battle! Not like the battle to put Toot to bed. [Flashback: Ling-Ling is chasing Toot who is in a feetsy pajamas] Toot: No! No bedtime! No sleep! [jumps over the banister to the lower level of the house] Eaaaaaaat! [Giant explosion]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxy: [In confessional] So I was all alone at the dance. And worse, the meteor was about to smash into the Earth! and if the movie "Deep Impact" had anything to go by, the whole planet was about to become boring and unwatchable.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: C'mon! Do me! You know you want it! Donkey: I'm sorry, my dear, but even a filthy, pathetic donkey has standards.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sapnky: Alright, Xandir's ueseless. Everyone listen to Spanky Ham. Now they say in the Boy Scouts: if you get lost, stay in one place until someone will come and find you Captain Hero: Stay in one place? I prefer my Boy Scouts to move around a little [Simulates sex move]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Wooldoor opening the van door] Wooldoor: Ach du lieber Augustin! [continues by using his dummy] We can't get out this way either!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Drawn Together Mall Trip '06 starts right now! Spanky: I hope to God you know what the hell you're doing.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: You're all going to die! This van just got a whole lot sexier...
tv-drawntogether	family	tv-quote	general	0	Delivery Guy: [In confessional] Watching that kid in Home Alone is the closest thing my wife and I will get to having a real son...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Delivery Guy: This has been the worst delivery since my wife's miscarriage.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Hero, I want that gun. Captain Hero: If you want this gun, you'll have to pry it out of my cold, dead hand! [Foxxy slowly reaches towards him and takes the gun without ease] Oh, why did I keep my gun in my Bob Dole hand? [Wooldoor puts a pencil in Captain Hero's hand]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xandir: Today was when I thought you all promised we'd go to the mall together! Captain Hero: I thought you promised you were going to SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: You pathetic fools! Now we're all gonna die! Excludie: Even me? Spanky: No! Not you, Excludie! Now here's a blanket and a thermos of delicious hot cocoa. Excludie: Aww... [walks off]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xandir: Hey guys, are you all ready to go? Captain Hero: Are you ready to SHUT THE FUCK UP?!?!
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Get up, black person! Time to repent! Foxxy: Repent? But we just pented! [cut to a horrendously-painted wall]
tv-drawntogether	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: I haven't seen a bovine with such kind eyes since Mother Theresa died!
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	general	0	Davey: Ah shucks! I'm gonna die! And I never knew what it's like to love. Goliath: What about all the stuff we did we went camping, Davey? Davey: That wasn't about love, Goliath. It was about POWER!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: If the fat chick hallucinating from the saltwater says it's true, then it must be true!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: And Hero, you gave up $10, 000 for a donkey on Let's Make a Deal Captain Hero: That donkey paid off for itself in the first six months!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: I'm leading us out of this van, like Moses led the Jews out of the desert to the world's everlasting regret
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[Upon realizing that Scroto's last wish was to wash his testicles] Captain Hero: Not your baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllssss!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gash: Sorry Ling Ling, but your dancing days are over. Like any child who has ever been adopted, you are destined to kill.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: Ling-Ling dreamed of becoming dancer but ended up being captured by preteen boy, just like Pete Townsend's heart
tv-drawntogether	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Director: Oh no! Something happened to Gwyneth Paltrow! Ling-Ling, you have to take her place as the star! Ling-Ling: I can't! Like Cameron Diaz without three inches of makeup, I'm not ready for the spotlight!
tv-drawntogether	love	tv-quote	edgy	1	Spanky: Whoa, you're beautiful! What's your name? Charlotte: I'm Charlotte. Do you really think I'm beautiful? Spanky: WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST SAY?! Charlotte: Wow! No ones ever loved me enough to yell at me!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: What comes after asphyxi-seven? Asphyxiate!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Your Balls are CLEAN!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Huh? "Some Pig?" Charlotte: Mm-hmm, you were some pig last night. That was the hottest inter-species sex since Matthew Broderick nailed Sarah Jessica Parker.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Ling-Ling, you killed Xylophone! Toot: Who the hell is Ling-Ling?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: There I was, seconds away from destroying the most evil man I had ever known, but I couldn't kill someone on their deathbed.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Wifflebottom: You knew there was a shark out there, but you let people go swimming anyway.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Fran Drescher: [in costume as Ling-Ling] Yoko Ono, Mitsubishi. I have a small penis.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Girl: Are you sure you're finished with that spider lady? 'Cause I am too classy to be the second woman... unless, of course, we're having a piss orgy.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Tookie, can't you just be happy for Mapplethorpe? Toot: Why don't you assholes believe me? [To Foxxy] And why don't you know any of our names?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toot: [To Wooldoor] like a woman on a date with a Jew, you're gonna pay!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	African Kid: Oh, dip! Our families will starve!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tony Tiger: Okay, Miss Braunstein, tell us why the new face of Quacker's cereal should be a fat, disgusting woman! Toot: Because Mary Lou Retton sold a butt-load of Wheaties!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pop: Hey, has anyone seen Jewel? [Pop sees a crowd] Oh no. Hey Snap, Crackle, that's my wife! [Snap and Crackle are in a threesome with Jewel] Jewel: I'm done wit' you, Pop. These boys don't need me to crap on their bellies to get off
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Frankenberry? Spanky: Ohhhh, it's Frankenberry now, because back in Hebrew school it was Frankenstein! Assimilation is our people's worst enemy. Frankenberry: I know...
tv-drawntogether	food	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Hey, wait! Them ain't yo Funyuns! Them's Foxxy's Funyuns. Narrator: And that is how Foxxy learned "Them ain't yo Funyuns. Them's Foxxy's Funyuns."
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: If you tell me everything, I can talk to the D.A. about extenuating circumstances! Walter: "Extenuating circumstances?" What's that mean? Captain Hero: How am I supposed to know? I'm a goddamn baby!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: They threw there diapers against the wall. You should punish them with severe force. Then maybe they will love you like I do. [sniffs Mommy's leg and hugs her] God I love you So MUUUUCH!!!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Foxxy, wanna race? Foxxy: A'ight, but I'm real shy, so won't you please pretend I'm the genocide in Sudan and turn your head? Clara: What's a genocide? Foxxy: How should I know? I'm just a baby!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: You guys get rid of Chad. [the other babies get excited and pull out guns] Not the African country, the babysitter's boyfriend! [the other babies drop their guns in disappointment]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And that is how Toot became a one-dimensional fat joke. Woman: [off-screen] Your face is a fat joke! Narrator: No, yours is.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: Now, you kids run along. I have to perform an emergency triple bypass. Clara: "Emergency triple bypass?" What's that? Doctor: How should I know? I'm just a baby! [everyone laughs]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: If anybody needs me, I'll be in the fridge, spending time with my new friend. Narrator: And that is how Captain Hero learned that dead bodies are game for anything... and I do mean anything. Goodnight, and fuck you.
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Well, both of you seem equally qualified, but I say we listen to Foxxy, since black people deserve a helping hand. Narrator: And that is how Princess Clara learned to hate the coloreds.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: If you like that taste of chocolate, I could give you a tour of the whole factory. [removes most of her wardrobe to distract Captain Hero] Narrator: And that is how Foxxy Love became a whooooooore.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And that is how Spanky Ham came to love the wonderful world of excrement... almost as much as I do. [gets under a glass table with a dollar bill in hand] Ready! [we see some excrement fall onto the table]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: And that is how Xandir became a... "homo."
tv-drawntogether	family	tv-quote	general	0	Daddy: I'll go and take the sitter home. Mommy: Good, 'cause I've been brewing a major steamer, and if I don't drop it out soon, it's gonna tear me to shreds. Daddy: WHY DO YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO BE SO DISGUSTING?!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Daddy: I don't wanna be late, so could you move your fat ass?! Mommy: Shut your goddamn mouth, you drunken, unemployed bastard! You're gonna wake up Sid! [cut to Sid's bassinet, where the buzzing of flies can be heard, indicating that he has passed away]
tv-drawntogether	family	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: I'm telling Mommy! Xandir: You are such a tattletale, you adopted homo! Captain Hero: I was NOT adopted!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Like when Daddy plays with Mommy on her woman week, I've caught you red-handed!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Walter?! What happened to your face? Wooldoor: What the fuck happened to your face?!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: So, Walter Saget, I suppose you don't know anything about that missing babysitter. Walter: How should I know? I'm just a pure and innocent little baby. Maybe she went to wash her dirty snatch!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: To make the babysitter come, I'll cry even louder than Daddy after he found out about Black Daddy.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chad: Pants... they're not just for chimps anymore!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ling-Ling: ATTICA! ATTICA!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Benny: Jesus H. Snork! You sure knows rice! Ling-Ling: Well, you know what they say: we Asians born with grain of rice between our legs!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: A disgusting pig? A homosexual? Am I at Prince Charles' wedding?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Little Orphan Annie: [to Foxxy] Whatever you do, don't let him take... Your eyes!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Benny: [to Ling-Ling] Boy, I got's to say, like the tumor in my brain, you're beginning to grow on me
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Benny: Foster son, since you've been here, my heart has swollen, soiled and lost nutrients. Just like my crappy rice
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Repeat people much? Ling-Ling: Repeat people much? Foxxy: Repeat people much? Ling-Ling: Repeat people much? Foxxy: Repeat people much? Ling-Ling: Repeat people much?
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: We went to the Rice Museum/Holocaust Memorial, and Daddy got me this awesome T-shirt! It says, "Never forget..." [turns around] Uncle Benny: "...to salt the water before boilin' the rice."
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: With our little Chinese friend gone, things just wasn't the same. Our nails was unmanicured, our Zen garden was unraked, and now our Tibetans got way too much freedom.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: Now, where's I supposed to sleep? [a dirty mattress and dog bowl are drawn in] Hold up! Is this some kinda joke? [is redrawn as a weird creature] That's it! Show yourself! Bugs Bunny: [as the artist] Ain't I an asshole?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Megatron: I can transform. Watch. [transforms into a gun and back] Now you transform. Foxxy: But I can't trans... Megatron: [transforms into a gun again] I SAID TRANSFORM!!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phat Allen: Hey, that kid looks like a little girl in a pretzel store. Mushy Mouth: Little girl-buh in a pretzel store-buh? Phat Allen: Yeah, she's being a-salted!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Phat Allen: Boy, Foxxy. You're just like a German porn star's mouth. Foxxy: German porn star's mouth? Phat Allen: Yeah, you're full of shit! [Phat Allen & his gang laugh hysterically]'
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phat Allen: They oughta call you Lance Armstrong. Foxxy: 'Cause I only gots one ball left? Phat Allen: Wait a minute. Isn't Lance Armstrong the guy who hangs upside down from giant magnets?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xandir: Here we are! The Large Bryant really big and fat and not tall but fat store.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: They oughta call you Daddy. Phat Allen: Daddy? Foxxy: 'Cause you missed terribly!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: Oh, Phat Allen? Come out and plaaaaay!
tv-drawntogether	life	joke	general	0	Not Bright Donald: Hey Phat Allen, you're just like a library on Sunday. Phat Allen: A library on Sunday? Not Bright Donald: Yeah, no circulation!
tv-drawntogether	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Indian Husband: Oh, my God! Indian Wife: We have hit the most sacred of all creatures in our completely sensible religion: a cow! Indian Husband: Oh, my hundreds of goofy gods!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky Ham: Well, I don't like to blow my own horn...though for five bucks, I can't
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Foxxy: They oughta call me childhood vaccinations. Phat Allen: Childhood vaccinations? Foxxy: 'Cause I've been killin' innocent kids.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Not Bright Donald: Miss Love, isn't it true you like a bowlin' ball? Foxxy: A bowlin' ball? Not Bright Donald: Yeah, 'cause you get fingered and thrown in the gutter 20 times a night!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(After the Indian family sings a song for Toot) Toot: Holy crap! That sucked my BALLS! [The family gasps] Family: It speaks! Toot: Oh Goddamn it. I mean... moo? Well, I guess the jig is up. Okay assbags, thanks for the grub and the retarded dance.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phat Allen: Hey, hey, hey, hey. I think the Brown Hornet's tryin' to tell us somethin'. Not Bright Donald: What, Phat Allen, who has absolutely no affiliation with Bill Cosby's lovable character, Fat Albert? Phat Allen: I don't know, but I think it's about beatin' your meat.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: (to the Indian crowd) OK, everyone, circle up! Otis Day: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU LOOKING AT!?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jew Producer: Toot, you suck, yet you keep returning. How do you explain this phenomenon? Toot: Well, how do you explain your fugly face!? Jew Producer: I was burned in a horrible accident. It's quite sad, really...
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cast: One house to hold us all Eight different cartoon characters Letting it all hang out in front of a million cameras We're Drawn Together!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Jew Producer: Captain Hero, the votes are in, and you are...safe! Captain Hero: Oh my god! I love you, America! So why shouldn't we have a fucking baby?!?!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jew Producer: Xandir, your appearance on the show has been one of the most controversial in recent years. Most notably, you're alleged affair with...moi Xandir: Eeeew! I wouldn't have sex with a Jewish guy even if you payed me. Which of course, you wouldn't
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brian Dunkleman: Ryan Seacrest was right. I'm not a Dunkleman. I'm a Dunkleboy.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Toot: Hey, assholes! Thanks for watching!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jew Producer: Now, Captain Hero... Captain Hero: It's pronounced "Capitan", the "Hero" is silent
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clara: Okay, stop your game, Jew Producer, no-one's being voted off. We've been doing this for three years, we're all coming back [The shot freezes and a Fun-Fact pops up saying "When this line was written, Drawn Together had not yet been cancelled"]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jew Producer: When we return we'll find out which one of our six remaining contestants' dreams will be totally ruined like your mom's reputation after I bone her face.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: Foxxy, the only thing you're good at is giving head, and you managed to do the opposite! Foxxy: You too Wooldoor? [Foxxy runs away crying and Wooldoor feels sad]
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The housemates are waking up in their house] Clara: Good morning, people and Foxxy. It's a lovely day to be on a reality show. Foxxy: And it's a great day to deny wettin' the bed. WHICH I DID NOT DO!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Network Head: No wonder everyone hates you, I.S.R.A.E.L., you're so goddamn aggravating!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Foxxy: I.S.R.A.E.L.? Why the fuck is it on our land when we already live here?
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Captain Hero: You saved us, Molly! And tonight, I'll even let you fuck me in the mouth!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Suck My Taint Girl: Look, Make-A-Point Land! Wooldoor: Where? I can't see it. Foxxy: It's right over there, between Why-You-So-Bitter-About-Being-Canceled Land and You-Had-Three-Or-Four-Seasons-You-Should-Be-Happy-With-What-You-Got-Most-Shows-Don't-Even-Get-That Land.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xandir: [while being imprisoned in a dungeon] I haven't seen this many shit-covered rodents since my last colonoscopy.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Network Head: It's not that I dislike the Drawn Together gang. It's that I hate those motherfuckers!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wooldoor: This is horrible! We're canceled and fake. Just like my child support checks.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: Well, like a colostomy bag, I'm on Foxxy's side. I liked being a reality TV star. Wooldoor: Yeah! We need to get our show back. Otherwise, I'll have to go back to my old gig: exposing myself to children, and that union has THE worst health plan!
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spanky: If I can't fart or vomit or fill up an ice tray with the afterbirth of Foxxy's miscarriage and hand them out as ice pops to terminally-ill children on my hospital tours without making some kind of point, then maybe it's just not worth it.
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain Hero: Psst! That guard outfit makes you look fat. Ryan the Rhino Guard: It does? [runs off crying] Another Rhino Guard: Oh, great! Now I'll have to deal with that all night. Ryan, wait up!
tv-drawntogether	society	tv-quote	general	0	I.S.R.A.E.L.: I.S.R.A.E.L. must kill you all Xandir: Wait, can't we just work something out? I.S.R.A.E.L.: I.S.R.A.E.L. must be aggressive to survive. It's a common sense policy
tv-drawntogether	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xandir: [to a crying Clara] Oh, it's OK, Clara. So we're not who we think we are. So what, right? Clara: So what? If I'm not a princess, then I'm just another beautiful virgin with real C-cups and a super-tight ass that continuously vibrates and tastes like wild berries.
