tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [calling out] Sinn! [Sinn enters the room] Killface: If you would, please draw a bath for our lovely guest here. And please get this place decorpsed
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [to Simon] We can't ever go back to Arizona!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [watching Taqu'il on TV], Can't watch tellie for five seconds without seeing that jibbering hooligan and here I am reduced to ... post cards, the dry hump of marketing strategies.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hooker: Oh my God Xander: I did not mean for her to see this Hooker: Xander Crews Xander: Lets go back to the big black thing. Hooker: You're Awesome-X!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: Hey! Tone, of Voice
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Taqu'il: Cameraman, cameraman, can you push in on this? It says "Welcome to you-apostraphe-r-e doom"? Verl: And he's got "doom" in quotes, which it shouldn't be. Mitzi: Oh I just hate it when people do that. I just want to throw acid in their face.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mitzi: "Big guy" is right. Look at those pecs! [Applause] I wish I had a chest like that. Ba-dum-bum! X-tacle #1: [watching on the ship with the other X-tacles] I wish I had someone like her growing up. X-tacle #2: Dude, save it for group.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Verl: Big guy, how much ya bench? Killface: I don't know, really... Verl: I bet you do 240. Killface: Actually, it's closer to 900. Verl: 900 pounds this guy... Killface: No, no, sorry that's kilos.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Randy: Introducing the Scion tC! The bold, sleek styling is all like ka-kow, but the 2.4-liter dual overhead cam engine with 160-horsepower is all like KA-KOW!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #3: [on the Scion tC] I could take that to the beach. X-tacle #4: [raising hand] Shotgun! X-tacle #2: You at the beach, with your skin?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacles: [chanting] Scion tC! Mao: [watching in store] Sci-ron t-She!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[in the office to Stan] Xander: Gimme some glitter on here! Stan: You can't fax glitter. Xander: Well, not with that attitude. Stan: Not with any attitude!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stan: Well calm down. It's not prom night. Watley:Yeah, cause I'm not... getting... raped.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Sir, don't you think it's kind of weird how the prize money for this thing is exactly the amount we need to finish the Annihilatrix? Killface: No, I think it's weird that you question me every...time there's a...thing.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Waiter: [after having sex with Grace] Wow. Thanks, lady. Wait 'til the guys at school hear about this. Grace: Oh my God. Waiter: Do you like X-Box? Grace: Sweetie, I'm tired.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xander: Watley, take the damn ant-farm keyboards to the dump. Oh, and that radioactive waste can also go.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grace: [putting on lipstick] Do you even know how huge this Killface interview will be for me? Cameraman: So huge your boyfriend will learn your name? Grace: Why would you even say that? Cameraman: Because I care about you, we all do. Grace: Really? Cameraman: No, we don't.
tv-friskydingo	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Watley: And I'll put the ant-farm keyboards in the radioactive waste, thereby minimizing the ecological impacts of both! Way to go Watley, you're doin it!
tv-friskydingo	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Cameraman: So what's this now, some kind of calm before the weird berserker storm? Grace: When I'm onstage at the Airport Radisson accepting my local Peabody, I'm not gonna mention any of you.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [to Simon] I'm so proud of you. We're going to split a half-pint of lager and watch Cinemax all night.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Grace falls from the Annihilatrix and into the tub of radioactive waste, everyone just stares looking down] Killface:...Oh my God she fell... Cameraman: ...awesome
tv-friskydingo	work-money	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xander: What the hell do you want? X-tacles: [trading punches and demands] We want a living wage! And some health insurance! And some flex hours, bitch!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle: So you want it in the face or...? Xander: No, not my handsome face! X-tacle: Aw, just kidding, you don't get to pick.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	X-tacle: See you in hell dick.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Great! The one person in the world I want to kidnap, and now he's missing!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Simon has broken yet another cereal bowl] Killface: I mean it's every morning. Watley: [Appearing from nowhere] Yeah, you gotta establish some boundaries. [Pause] Killface: [Coldly] Eager to know why you're here.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #1: If he is Awesome X, that means he's been lying to us all these years. X-tacle #2: Yeah, which is...actually pretty uncool.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: When I get back from the bowl store, I want this apartment to be a crab-and-cancer-free zone. Sinn: Arthur can't be moved. I think his ribs are all smashed up inside. Killface: Well my foot hurts, so we're even
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stan: Then call Grace Ryan. Set up a late supper, just the two of us, because now that I've assumed Xander Crews' professional position, I think it's high time I assume the position with his lovely paramour.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ronnie: I will I will, please to be picking me, guys. Please. Xtacle: Fine Ronnie, but don't let him escape. Ronnie: *Sinister laughter* Oh, you don't worry about that, guys.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ronnie: [holding a blonde wig and superglue] Now, I will glue this to your head, and then I make love to your face.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Antagone: Unhand it or suffer my wrath. Killface: Now see here, woman. If anyone's wrath is going to be suffered, it's mine. Antagone: It's not wise to antagonize Antagone! Killface: I'm sorry, Auntie who? Antagone: Antagone! Killface: Was "Betty Bug Lady" already taken?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Once again, the mall has become my Waterloo. [Grabbing a post] I surrender. Antagone: A wise choi-- [She is hit with the post] Killface: And the next one's right in the tit!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle: Where the hell is Crews?! And where are your pants?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The bank explodes, knocking Killface and Phillip away) Phillip: My loofah, where's my loofah?! Killface: Shut up, Phil.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xander crews: And for your information managing a workforce the size of the X-tacles is... Nerd #1: Yeah. Xander crews: Like, that takes management skills. Nerd #1: It Does. Nerd #2: So your superpower is... management? Baffling. Xander Crews: You're a bitch.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [blind] I'm quite sure it was a twenty! Waiter: Dude, it's a ten. Killface: Oh, is that how you pay for the benzoyl peroxide I smell steaming off your greasy face?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: It's gone! It's all gone! The billionaire money is gone, the superhero stuff and the X-tacle fighting force is also gone, and the girlfriend is gone, and even the nerds now are gone, and I got nobody to help me! Might as well be David Arquette!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Piping hot hell in a bloody hatbox!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #2: Did Awesome X seem kind of weird to you guys? X-tacle #1: Probably just the mustache. X-tacle #2: Yeah, mustaches are cool. X-tacle #1, #2, #3: Magnum, P.I.! X-tacle #4: Rick Simon! [The other X-tacles turn and look at him.] Also had a mustache.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Xtacles are passing a 'Paint your own pottery' shop] X-tacle #1: Dude, we have to do this. X-tacle #2: No, y'know, I don't think we have time. [X-tacle #4's head explodes] X-tacle #1: We got a whole hour!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: You don't know how to do anything! Killface: I know how not to let my son run off in robot pants with a fistful of knifes! Xander: Yeah, you're a fantastic parent. [Killface brakes the car to a screeching halt.] Killface: You take that back. Xander: [quietly] Sorry.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #3: [His GPS tracker has picked up the signal in the Robot pants] Guys, come on! He's right outside! X-tacle #2: Wait, my paint's not dry. X-tacle #3: I told you not to glob it on like that.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	X-tacle #2: That's not Crews, that's Nearl, the local retarded wino guy. X-tacle #3: Yeah...right now. [Taps on the the car window, which Nearl rolls down] Hey, Nearl! Nearl: I am Nearl! X-tacle #3: You wanna make fifty bucks? Nearl: Okay!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Xander and Killface proceed to board the sweatshop truck.] Killface: This bus could use a stick-up. Xander: [blind] Yeah, it smells like shattered dreams.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nearl: What's your names, guys?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nearl: Is this really Babar's house?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #2: Nearl... I'm gonna kill Babar.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-Tacle #1: Nearl? Nearl: "Mr. Crews" will do nicely. Although I can't say the same for that winged collar.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stan: What are "whammies"?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Young Nearl: I don't wanna go to the monkey hospital! Young Xander: But Nearl wanna stay with mummy and daddy and brother Xandy! Mrs Crews: No Xander, he's dead to us Young Xander: (Starts crying) Mr Crews: Now; who's for Denny's? Young Xander: (Instantly stops crying) Grandslam!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a fellow slave has given Killface a radish] Killface: Barnaby, tell him thank you. [Xander Crews thanks him in a foreign language] Try to make it sound a little sarcastic.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Well, a train's not an iron rooster but that's what they call it in China! Xander Crews: Really? Old Spice: [Laughs, speaks in chinese] It's a colorful language.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander Crews: Oh, that's just crazy China man talk. Killface: Barnaby, make those words English! Xander Crews: I kinda think he said... death rabbits.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	["Previously" on "Frisky Dingo"] Sinn: I can't believe Killface fired me. Well, revenge shall be mine. Valerie: [kicking out the painting] No! Revenge shall be mine!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #1: I can't believe Xander Crews had a twin brother! X-tacle #2: Yeah, until Ronnie shot him in the face.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #1: Has anyone got a prayer? X-tacle #2: Oh! Uh... It's more of a limerick."
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacle #2: There once was a dead guy named Nearl. He rode around town on a squirrel. He said to the pig... I... don't actually have one. X-tacle #1: Fantastic.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: So if I'm here... this way... oh, here's an idea, indicate north. Otherwise it's not a map. It's just a drawing. Xander Crews: So get this, he didn't even have a car. Killface: Well thank God we sorted that out. Xander Crews: Yeah. Killface: Now will you please come on!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Torpedo Vegas: I don't even have any coins you bitch!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Don't listen to him, he's crazy! Xander Crews: Was Patty Hearst crazy when she kidnapped the Lindbergh twins? Killface: Barnaby - just...turn six, alright?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Torpedo Vegas: Okay, I'll let you have the kid back if, and this is the part I kinda like, if you two fight to the death. Killface: [Immediately] Done. Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: What?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Taqu'il: Oh God I love Chinatown. Torpedo Vegas: Ah tonights death rabbit boughts have been cancelled. Drycleaner: What the hell damn guy! Taqu'il: Oh man I hate Chinatown.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Do you hear a dial tone? 'Cause Barnaby Jones is off the hook!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	X-Tacle #1: Hey Ronnie, isn't that your rape wig? Ronnie: Yes, is one of them. X-Tacle #1: KILL HIM! Drycleaner: You Know the Law! Taqu'il: This is Chinatown!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: No, look at his face! Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: What? Killface: He's got the mind of a child! Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Aw.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: No, I won't kill my best friend! Torpedo Vegas: I like that. [laughs awkwardly] Killface: Excuse me? Torpedo Vegas: Your words have moved me, Killface. And I'm not a man easily moved. This man, Barnaby Jones, may live.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Torpedo Vegas: So, why'd you two sneak into my lair? Killface: I- Xander Crews: He kidnapped me! I have Patty Hearst Syndrome!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Torpedo Vegas: Son, what can I say? This was a phenomenally great idea you had here. And your cut is... forty, thirty grand. Yeah, you can count it, if you wanna be a douchebag all your life. Simon: What? Torpedo Vegas: AHAHAHAHAHA! Naw, I'm kiddin'...don't worry about it.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: So hey. Thanks for not killing me. Things got a little crazy back there. Killface: Barnaby, how could I kill my best friend? Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Yeah... Killface: Barnaby, we're BFF!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Yeah, I am actually [Takes off wig and glasses] Xander Crews! Killface: What! Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: [runs off] Woo woo woo!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wendell: Cody's down!
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Wendell: You do not fuck with the department of labor!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: As God is my witness, I will have my revenge on Xander Crews!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander Crews: Whoa, whoa, whoa, hang on. I'm just gonna do one question. From, uh... Grace Ryan: Ooh! Ooh! Me! [Xander sighs] Please pick- Xander Crews: Darcel Jones! From Team Jaguar! How are you doing? You should call it Team Sexy!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Well, I'd better deposit this check. Thanks for the drink, enjoy the pickles, and if you find my Zune, just give me a c- [Phil's head is blasted off] Killface: Bugger me. (calls out) Hey Simon! Want to see something neat? Phil's head just exploded, like a ham!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[ontop a roof with a sniper rifle] Valerie: Why 's it always got to be my ass? There's a... there's a person in this ass.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On learning that Stan has bought the Annihilatrix with his entire fortune] Xander: You mean I'm not a billionaire anymore? How does this impact Train Island?!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [Answers cell phone] Hello? Xander Crews: [sighs over phone] What's up, Douchington? Killface: No, no Douchington here- Hey, is that Xander Crews?
tv-friskydingo	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [About Xander Crews] Absolute monarch of all bumsnackers.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [To his son Simon] I hate to say it, but frankly, you're becoming something of a liability. You'll never get that hermit crab at this rate.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander Crews: You got my money? Killface: It's right here! You got my key? Xander Crews: Duh! Killface: [Petulant] You don't have to be crappy.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: It's alright, there's a failsafe. Xander: I don't know or care what that is!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Simon: Hahahaha... Boosh!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Valerie: [Mocking Killface] Oh please don't kill me. Please don't make it so appealing. I'm a douche. [shoots and misses, killing Phil instead] Damn it!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	X-tacles: (playing with beach ball, while everyone else screams) Boosh, boosh, boosh, boosh...
tv-friskydingo	science	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Would've died, too, if those couplings hadn't melted. Interviewer: 'Cause your plan was to push the Earth into the sun, right? Killface: Obviously not, because, you know...end result
tv-friskydingo	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Where are we, what are we doing? Dottie: We're going broke, is what we're doing Killface: Well, that's hard to believe. I know we're all making sacrifices. Dottie: (on €149 Schnapps) But I paid for this personally. Killface: No, you didn't.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface:Oh, the smell of those barbecues. It's like, just put my nose in a saddle. "Mmm, whose saddle is this? That's uncle Taint's. How long's he been ridin' Tex? Oh, pert near three days. Well, let's eat... buddy."
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dottie: I either just had a stroke, or the most brilliant idea ever. Killface: Well, your blood's too thin for a stroke, so let's hear it.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Camera Man: Excuse me! [Camera zooms in on Xander, standing in the street, with a see-through pink shirt, and pink shorts. There is a pause.] Xander:.....What?!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Camera Man: This is a documentary about Killface. Xander: Killfa-[Scoffs]-is it called Check Me Out, I Suck? Guk-guk-guk [deapthroating sounds]
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Camera Man: Well, it's been a year now- Xander: A Year?! It's really been a whole year? What's today? Camera Man: Thursday. Xander: Oh my God, it has been a year.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: Apparently, it's been here the whole time...SUCKERS!!
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	general	0	Carter: Immigration--why not have a massive pedestrian overpass to Canada? [TV shuts off] Xander: Man, I was gonna do a pedestrian overpass to Canada. I was gonna call it the "Spicspan."
tv-friskydingo	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [Observing the campaign bus for the first time} Wendell, you've outdone yourself! Wendell: Well, now I know how Diego Rivera must have felt when he was banging Frida Kahlo. Tea bagging the unibrow.
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Killface: Wendell, this is the greatest campaign in the history of the wo-- [Xander's low-flying campaign jet buzzes the bus, blowing out the windows] Killface: Son of a WHORE!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Killface: Don't you have any sodding leads? Wendell: [holding panties] Just these, I guess the assassin must've dropped them. Val: [whispering, hidden in closet] Damn it! Wendell: Which... [inhaling deeply from panties] actually might just be a red herring.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dottie: We can't afford an airplane. Killface: Well, maybe if you'd lay off the platinum-infused highballs.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Dottie: You couldn't pour pee out of a boot if the directions were on the heel. Wendell: Woman, they had pricing tiers! Dottie: Oh, go tell it to your albino whores. Wendell: I...will not even dignify that with a response. Killface: Yeah, please don't.
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	general	0	Taqu'il: We can win this election. Killface: How? Giving out free bus rides? Dottie: Well, who wants to ride in some crappy old bus with no windows? [Baby Lamont happily chirps] Oh, you just like trips.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Killface: [after Simon shoots down Xander's plane] Take that, you bum-snacking Republican! Taqu'il: Damn it, I thought we were going to campaign on the issues! Killface: Oh, lighten up.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Grace: If you leave me to burn to death in this plane, we are just finished! Xander: Well...we'll always have Vegas. Grace: That wasn't me! Xander: Well...okay. [Xander, with Stan on his back, jumps out] Grace: You bastard! God, still can't stay mad at him! [Jumps out after him]
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Stan: Thank you for saving me. Xander: Hey, don't get all Sophie's Choice, man. You know, think of all the sympathy cooz I'm gonna get. "Oh, where's your girlfriend," "Oh, she burned to death," "Oh, my god, put your penis in my vagina." I'll be killin' it, man.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Suddenly Grace falls and manages to grab on to Xander, hanging on as they float down] Xander: You are like a bad penny.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: You should be out doing this too. Taqu'il: Two movies: Surviving the Game, Deliverance. Not gonna happen.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: [going towards duck call] Come on, it's over that way. Xander: Dibs on the dark meat... Killface: Shut up! Xander: ...she said. Killface: Turn six!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Do you want to argue over it until we both die of hypothermia? Xander: No, but I'm prepared to! Killface: Fine, we'll do it together. [Xander chuckles] Killface: Would you turn six, please?!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: Two... [Val pops up from marsh with rifle and fires three shots, followed by two off-screen splashes] Val: Three. [Makes duck call]
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Killface: Barnaby, my God, did you see that? Xander: Yeah, and I'm curious to know where the fuck she got robot pants!
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dottie: ...and, as you know, American voters insist on a Christian president. Killface: That's me. I'm Christian in spades! Dottie: But you have to be subtle about it. Killface: I'm subtle in spades! Taqu'il: They also don't want you to use the word "spades" all the damn time.
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Grace: As a Democrat, don't you support a woman's right to choose? Killface: You mean her right to be a whore?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Wendell: [Wendell is visiting Cody in jail. Cody has the appearance of a stereotypical 'prison bitch'.] So, you think you could move some product in here? Cody: [sighs] I'll...have to check with Gary. Wendell: Who the hell's Gary? [long pause as Cody looks down] Ohhh.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: I do have shortlist of four tentative maybes. Stan: [grabbing list]] Let's see here... Xander: Okay, Snatch-mo. Stan: [reading] Roxanne, the Real Roxanne, Roxanne Shanté, and Salman Rushdie. Xander: Which...I think it's actually "Salmon."
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: Huh, well, we'll just see what old Wikipedia has to say about this Canada business... Why is, um... nothing's happening here. Stan: You're not connected to the Internet! Xander: The what?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stan: How good is... your reading? Xander: Not great.
tv-friskydingo	food	tv-quote	general	0	Waitress: Sir, care to sample a yummy wee-muf? Stan: [typing] Why the hell would you come over here and presume that I would want a yummy... mmmmmiss-muf?
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stan: Hahaha! See! It's not Vice President of the United States and Canada!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Killface: [looking at Lamont's homemade "get well soob" card] Damn it, Lamont, what did I say about the macaroni?!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stan: Give my regards to Hooper. Xander: [in Awesome X gear]And what's that supposed to mean? You know, I hate it...with your little snotty foreshadowing.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deceptacle #3: Sing the song, dude. Awesome X: There's a song?! Deceptacle #3: [singing] Deceptacles... Deceptacles: [joining in] More than you bargained for. [One does a drum solo] Deceptacle #4: Way to ruin it, "Neil Peart"
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Deceptacle #1: Let's hear it for Hooper's titties!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dottie: [Dottie's hair is comming off in clumps] How do you expect to win this debate if you're not prepared? Killface: Well, how do you expect me to prepare with you sloughing off fuzz like a new towel?
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Interviewer: So you and Ronnie... A little history? Xander Crews: A little bit, yeah... [Flashback to Ronnie preparing to rape Xander in season 1] Which... Not what I call making love. I'd call it "The Shame-spear... of... hurt".
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Awesome X: We need to go warn Killface. Ronnie: But why to help not only mortal enemy, but also political opponent? Awesome X: Not that it's any of your business, but...I have no plausible explanation.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xander: I can't go to a presidential debate dressed like this. Wendell: Ya, you kinda look like a boob Xander: You have boobs. Snap. Ronnie: Baby's lunch bag. Wendell: Yum yum yum yum yum Ronnie: Eat that lunch baby
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: I should have a tuxedo there. [Cut to Xander in front of mansion, wearing tuxedo t-shirt] ...or this poly-cotton suckfest!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Decepticle: I saw the big pants first. The gold doubloon is mine.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Xander: [last words to Ronnie] Stay gold, Pony Boy.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grace: [whispering] Psst, Xander. Killface: Wave to Newslady. [Lamont waves and chirps] Grace: Hey, you.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Antagone: Come, my chitinous friend. Your mistress summons you from the briny deep. Watley: Ka-Kow!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Interviewer: And they are good looking slacks. Are they stain resistant? Killface: Well, I certianly hope so. Interviewer: And why's that? Killface: [shoots Interviewer] ...Because my bird is dead. And now I really shall destroy this VILE PLANET! [Shoots camera]
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Deceptacle #1: All this time we thought you were this super cool dude Hooper, who just happened to have great tits! Deceptacle #2: When really, you're some other dude who just happens to have great tits! Sinn: I'm a woman! Idiots...
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: I want to meet this hobbit of yours--Bobo T. Baggins. [pause] Oh my God, I just got that! I think I'm gonna throw up!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Killface: Son of a filthy, fat-titted whore! (Simon mumbles) Oh, piss on the swear jar!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deceptacle #1: Who the hell was that? Deceptacle #2: That's Steve, from machete squad. Deceptacle #3: We have a machete squad? Deceptacle #2: Yeah, that guy Steve's on it.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wendell: I just killed a man for her; she don't even know my name. High school all over again.
tv-friskydingo	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Doctor: I can't believe you paid your daughter a million dollars never to contact you again. Xander: Hey, she's no angel. She signed the contract too. Doctor: Yeah...you were a huge dick.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Antagone: It hurts! Wendell: Yeah, it hurts! It's fucking ruined!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Wendell: Big push, big push! Wait, wait, wait, stop, stop, stop! Antagone: What?! Wendell: I'm gonna throw up. (Hovers to bathroom) Antagone: Get back here! Wendell: (in bathroom, having vomited) Do you have any Scope? Antagone: Get your fat ass back here!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Killface: What are you doing here? Xander: Well, I'm not here to buy douchebags, so it doesn't really concern you.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Wendell: You ever taken a dump and you throw up on your dick? (Discovers that Cody2 has eaten Antagone's head and right arm) Bad Cody II! Wendell: (taking off his belt) We are about to establish some boundaries.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Val: (seeing Wendell and Cody II escaping) Now what do we do?! Deceptacle: Well, for starters, we're gonna need a bigger onesie. Cliff: Like, fifty times I said that.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: All right, robots, make 'em clatter. (Deceptacles do nothing) Means drop your weapons.
tv-friskydingo	food	tv-quote	general	0	Val: Well, now what do we do? Deceptacle: I don't know about you guys, but I'm not just gonna sit here while 600 pounds of crab meat goes bad!
tv-friskydingo	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Stan: What about the World Court? Taqu'il: C'mon, man, the Hague is a fucking joke. Stan: Good point.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Xander's Phone): Ca-at Par-taay... Xander: Hang on. Go time. Killface: "Cat Party." "Welcome to five months ago!" Xander: Welcome to "shut up, I'm on the phone"! Killface: I'm down with "Dog Party" now. (Killface's Phone): Do-og Par-taay...
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Xander: No wonder he loves cock...ney accents! (hums the opening bars of "Rule, Britannia!")
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Taqu'il: Man, this launch panel is just a breeder reactor wired to the ignition of a '98 Celica. Stan, I can hot-wire this. Stan: Um, we may have a larger problem. (Killface and Xander are holding him at gunpoint) Killface: Yes, I'm afraid you do.
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wendell: Cody II is down!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Killface: Mother! Lady Mom: Evelyn! Xander: Evelyn?! Killface: It's a man's name!
tv-friskydingo	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lady Mom: Why haven't you destroyed this planet? Killface: Well, uh, you see... Lady Mom: (gasps) And where are your clothes?! Killface: Welp... Funny story.
