tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: I've got trademark products all over my body because I was drunk one night. Don't live like me.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: I swear to God I'm gonna come down hard on you on Monday. It's gonna be like a friggin' hurricane.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason Penopolis: People hate me!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon Small: And demand number two-- Melissa Robbins and Jason Penopolis: Three. Brendon: Three. Pizzaaaaaa! All: Yay!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: How come we're in France? Brendon: Because, that's where...dramatic scenes...take place.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Hey everybody, guess what? McGuirk's gonna come after your moms!
tv-homemovies	family	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: It's all my fault! It should be me behind bars with a French, stupid guard, not you! Brendon: Yes! I agree, mother! You're a horrible person!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Brendon, Mr. Lynch called. Brendon: Oh, Jesus.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Lynch: You make your little movies. Right? Brendon: Yes Mr. Lynch: That takes a little thought right? Brendon: YES!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Lynch: You are not doing well at any subject and uh if you continue on this path. You will be in the fourth grade for the next four years.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Kill you first! Kill you first, lady!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: This isn't a Water Pic
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: I'd like to make an appointment, with you if you're free, on Wednesday. Shannon: About what time? Brendon: I'm thinking maybe 3:30. Alright keep that open. Shannon: What's this about? Brendon: I'm going to pound the crap out of you.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: What happens after you punch his butt a second time? Brendon: I'm gonna probably kick him. Jason: Kick him! Where you gonna kick him? Brendon: I'm gonna go for the butt again. Jason: Okay. Let's get away from the butt.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Someday, Brendon, you're gonna be with a woman, or a man, who likes you just for you. Brendon: Or both. Who knows, mom. I'm young. Don't start forcing roles on me.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: You want to catch him off guard. Show me what you'd do. Brendon: (Singing) Loving you is easy 'cause you're beautiful... McGuirk: No, that was more weird, I would of expected a shove or something.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: S**t, I thought about grapes again.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eugene: I pee in coach canteen. McGuirk: (after drinking pee from his canteen and trying to eat turkey to get rid of the taste) Ugh, it tastes like pee turkey.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Hey Brendon, can I be a bug?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason [As Louis Braille]: I'm going to get a house with a nice view of the ocean. Brendon [As Louis Pasteur]: But you're blind. Jason: Well, my entire family isn't blind. Did you ever think of that? Brendon: Sorry, I don't know what I was thinking.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon [As Louis Pasteur]: We are two great men from France, both named Louis!
tv-homemovies	arts	verse	general	0	From Dwayne's Franz Kafka rock opera: Livin' like a bug ain't easy My old clothes don't seem to fit me I got little tiny bug feet I don't really know what bugs eat Don't want no one steppin' on me Now I'm sympathizin' with fleas
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Melissa's dad is going to ask for his money back and I've already spent it and he hasn't even paid me yet.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erik: Brendon, is this some sort of joke? Brendon: Uh, um, uh...yeah. Melissa: Brendon, how could you? Brendon: Um, Jason. What did you do...to the video, Jason? (everybody looks at Jason who is already eating the birthday cake) Jason: Um...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: First of all, life sucks. Alright? Period. Done deal. You got it? There's your lesson. Go enjoy it.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Erik: Ever read a book called An actor prepares? McGuirk: You know, I've only read one book in the last seven years and that was not it.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: All right, Brendon, can we do my thing now? Brendon: Yeah, you know, that's fine. McGuirk: I'll just change right here. (McGuirk takes his clothes off) Brendon: Yeah, okay. McGuirk: It's not my neighborhood. Brendon: Right.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: You ever heard the phrase "Slipped him a Mickey"? As in: Somebody just slipped that guy a mickey, and now everything looks weird to him.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: So you were riding your bike on the wrong side of the street. What were you thinking, Brendon? Brendon: Nothing. Oh, wait, I was trying to remember the name of the guy who played Tron, in Tron.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge: You say one more word and I'll hold you in contempt. Coach McGuirk: Oh, it was Bruce Boxleitner. Brendon: Right! Thank you!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Melissa and Jason continue to argue over the jokes for their script] Brendon: You know what? This is hard, and I think I hate doing this.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: OK, I'll do the community service. And Mom, I'll help you pay for the damages. But your Honor I just want you to know this.: I have learned absolutely nothing. Good day. Judge: Brendon... Brendon: I believe I said good day!
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa Robbins: You had an affair? And now she's trying to kill us? How could you? Brendon: I'm sorry. Melissa Robbins: Who is she? Brendon: Just some woman. Melissa Robbins: Is it because I'm fat? Brendon: No... In fact, she's fat too.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dixie Smithley: Excuse me... hi! Hi! I'm Dixie Smithley from Channel 1 News and I wanted to congratulate you kids on your award! Brendon: Oh!... Dixie Smithley: I'd love to do a piece on you three kids! Jason: You mean, um... beat us up?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Thurmond: Tomorrow I'm going to beat the pants off you, Small. Brendon: Then I guess I won't bother wearing any. Thurmond: And try not to cry when you lose. Brendon: Thanks for your advice, and let me just say this. [blows a raspberry in his face]
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Now don't misunderstand me, adjectives are good, but one...two...eight adjectives in a row are more than enough to describe some little red boat. Student: It's a big green boat. Paula: Whatever. You get my point.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: So... what were you saying? Brendon: Move the flowers. Paula: No, before that. Brendon: This meatloaf is dry. Paula: No, before that. Brendon: This is meatloaf? Paula: No, before that. Brendon: This fish is dry.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brendon films a movie starring Melissa and Jason as Bonnie and Clyde, who are trying to steal a car using a coat hanger] Jason: This isn't working. I can't get into the car. Melissa: I thought you were a criminal! Jason: I am a criminal. I stole the coat hanger, didn't I?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Thank you all for coming here today! Male Student: We go to school here! Brendon: Well, okay.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Therefore I shall resign the presidency, effective at noon tomorrow. Male Student: Tomorrow's Saturday! Brendon: Okay, noon today. Male Student: It's 2:30! Brendon: All right! 2:31, I shall resign officially at 2:31 today.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: But you did steal all those supplies and beat up those kids and stole the CDs. Shannon: Yeah, Because that's what I do, I'm a thug. We've been over this. What is so hard for you to understand?
tv-homemovies	food	tv-quote	general	0	Coach John McGuirk: This sausage is probably eighteen years old... This sausage could vote. It could go to war and die for its country.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach John McGuirk: He left me a frozen sausage that's what you're telling me...oh my life.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Melissa, how high can you jump? Melissa: How high do you need? Brendon" 18 feet. (She jumps up a short distance) Jason: That was a haiku.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Brendon, can, um, I have another pudding? Brendon: You already had six. Jason: No way. Brendon: Way. Jason: Wow! That was my goal, but it happened so fast.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: We need effects, guys. Jason: Oh, yeah, like some, uh, bones cracking or... Brendon: Yeah. Oh, I think we need to suspend Melissa in midair when she kicks me...in the stomach. Melissa: I said I was sorry.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Junior: The Skunk Scouts are like a second family to me; a family that all wear the same clothes. Brendon: Well I would have to be like ultimate skunk commander or something. Junior: Oh you have to earn that. You see this badge, I got this badge for earning that badge.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach John McGuirk: Alright let the games begin. Jolly Jeepers this sucks.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [narrating video]] "Who is Fenton Mulley? I mean, Fenton sounds like a drug to take care of a rash or something... Honk, Honk!" Fenton: Not that funny.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [narrating video] Fenton is... thoughtful. Girl in Duck Sweater: Do you like my new sweater? Fenton Mulley: Is it supposed to be ugly?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [narrating video] Fenton is... generous. Fenton Mulley: [playing tug-of-war with doll with his foot on Perry's face] It's mine! Perry: I just want to look at it! Fenton Mulley: I don't care! It's mine! Don't look at it! Perry: Walter? W-where are you?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Oh, by the way, we're going to meet my girlfriend Linda at the zoo, since you've agreed to go to the zoo. Brendon: What, is she one of the exhibits? Andrew: Let me tell you something, she could be. Brendon: Is she an animal? Andrew: No, you're not kidding.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: The Sumatran tiger, panthera tigris sumatrae. Says here it's a very beautiful anima, and very rare. Brendon: I like my beautiful animals medium rare. Andrew: Good one. Brendon: Thank you.
tv-homemovies	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Linda:: So, can we leave now? Andrew: Well, actually we're waiting for the Panthera tigris verius rarus to come out us. Brendon: He's a very shy animal. Linda:: Why don't you just throw a rock at it? Andrew: We should probably just get going Brendon: Yeah, let's get going.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Hey, can you see the stars? Brendon: [looking through a telescope] Those people are famous? Andrew: Stop looking in people's windows, Brendon. Brendon: Hey did you ever see any murders? Andrew: No.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda:: Where's my blue towel? Andrew: Huh? Linda:: Did you take a blue towel off the shelf? Brendon: I, uh, I might have, what color was it? Linda: Yeah, I think you did.
tv-homemovies	family	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Things are going to be different, Brendon. Now that I'm living closer, we're going to spend a lot more time together. Brendon: Will I see you next weekend? Andrew: No, next weekend I'm in Dallas. Brendon: Oh.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Brendon, maybe this will help. One night I walked into my parents' bedroom, and my parents saw me naked. Brendon: You were naked? Jason: Yeah. Melissa: Why were you naked? Jason: I love it.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: All right, everybody, quiet do
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[About the movie they made] Jason: It feels soft Melissa: I think it feels flat. Brendon: Yes, soft and flat like a bathroom rug. It also feels forced. Like somebody forced a bathroom rug into something. Like a hamper.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Guys, should we maybe rehearse this more when we shoot it? Jason: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, no. Brendon: Yeah, nobody's acting is that bad.
tv-homemovies	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: You're acting like a child. Andrew: What does that mean? Brendon: Wait, me or him? Linda: Both of you. Brendon: Well, I am a child, so, thank you.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Hey, I've got an idea. Let's reschedule the race, and we'll just let Linda win. Andrew: Brendon, do not patronize Linda. Brendon: I thought I was patronizing you.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: I can't believe we're arguing about shoes. Linda: No, don't do that. It's more than that. Brendon: Maybe we should argue about something else!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: Listen, doctor, I'd like to apologize for everybody's bickering. Brendon: And I'd like to accept our apology.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [to the therapist] Uh, yeah, that's very interesting. I like what you said about the things, and--I'm sorry, I wasn't listening at all.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andrew: How was school, Brendon? Brendon: [reading the food menu] Blah. Andrew: Well, great. And how was your day, Linda? Linda: [reading the food menu] Um... Andrew: Fantastic.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon:Did you ever go to a therapist? McGuirk:Well, ya, sometimes you gotta do certain things to reenter society.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: Principal Plumb! Beautiful morning, isn't it? Coffee machine is on the fritz again, so I threw it on your car. Sorry. Is it, uh...could you check if it's working? No?
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Hey, Brendon, you know Mr. Lynch called me today. Brendon: Mr. Lynch? Paula: Mm-Hmm. Brendon: You mean my Mr. Lynch? Paula: You don't own him. Brendon: Yes, I do. He's mine.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fenton: I gotta pee. Paula: Wait. Did Brendon get off bus already? Fenton: I can't wait! It's a bodily function. Bodily functions don't wait! Paula: Okay, go inside but come right back.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walter: Perry is gonna be sick. Perry: I have seasickness. Walter: I keep telling him we're on land, but he won't listen. Perry: It doesn't matter. Land or sea, I get seasick on the bus.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Mr. Lynch, do you have Walter and Perry on your list? They're not on my list. Lynch: I don't bother listing them. They never run away. Paula: Never?
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Walter: If you throw up, I'll throw up. Perry: Okay, let's both throw up at the same time. Count of three, okay? Walter: Okay.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walter: Perry, I want to stay in a hotel. Perry: I want to live in a hotel. Walter: I want to be a hotel manager. Perry: I want to be a maitre d' Walter: I want to be a bellhop. Perry: I want to be a waiter. Walter: I want to be a bell. Fenton: Shut up. Perry: Okay.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ken: [lifting weights] 48...49...and 50. [sets the weights down] Fenton: Ahem. That was only 49. Ken: No, no it's 50. You did not count the first one. Fenton: No, I counted the first one. It was 49. Ken: Listen to me you little punk...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: [on her cell phone] Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. Thank you. Bye. [hangs up her cell phone] They found Alison. She was at the airport. She's fine.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Perry: I'm awake. Are you watching me sleep, Walter? Walter: Yes. You're beautiful when you sleep. Perry: Watch me now. Walter: Okay. Shut your eyes. Perry: I shut my eyes. Walter: Oh my god. It's beautiful.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: Well, what did they ask you about? Brendon: Historical figures. McGuirk: That's not important. Like Jimmy Hoffa? Brendon: No, more like Washington. McGuirk: Well, just plug in the Area 51 answer.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	The lyrics to "Mr.pants" rap, performed by Dwayne
tv-homemovies	life	verse	general	0	You'll scream for your life cause you won't be happy My name is Mr. Pants and I'm actually kind of grabby Mr. Pants is my name and I'd like to say hi Give me a call we'll hang out some time I'm Mr. Pants!
tv-homemovies	life	verse	general	0	I'm the furry fella getting in the land My name is Mr. Pants I'm the kitty cat man Nobody's gonna stop me from having my way My name is Mr. Pants and have a nice day...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Pants!!!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: DVD PLAYER!!!!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walter and Perry: we hate fenton, we hate fenton.
tv-homemovies	life	quip	general	0	Students: he was a good test subject...I'll call the cops.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Jason, I'm going to leave you. Jason: No. Brenden, no. Brendon: We have to leave each other. Jason: No, Brenden, we only have each other. And food. Brendon: Jason, we have to leave each other. We can't do this anymore. Jason: [sighs]
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [holding onto Brenden's foot] But I love you. Brendon: It was nice knowing you. [sniffle] Goodbye. Jason: [sigh] Goodbye... my sweet fat prince. [long pause] Leave the chips. Brendon: OK.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Do you think I'm a horrible person? Jason: No, I think you're very pretty Melissa: I don't mean horrible to look at, I mean horrible because you're my sister's fiance and we just had an affair. Jason: Oh, then yeah.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: What the hell is wrong with you people. Are you on drugs? Brendon: No. Melissa: No. McGuirk: With all the nicknames. What are those, drug nicknames? Melissa: They're band nicknames.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perry: Sounds trite. Walter: Yeah, it sounds like it's been done before. Paula: No, I don't think so... Walter: Lame! Perry: Double Lame-o! Walter: Yeah! Perry: Double Lame-O Donkey D*ck! Walter: Sucking on the Witch's T*t! (Walter and Perry embrace and fall down, laughing)
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: What's detention? Brendon: It when they make you sit in a room and...that's about it. Jason: So it's like therapy. Brendon: Kind of.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Hey, you mind setting the table? Dinner's going to be ready soon. Brendon: Can I do it after dinner? Paula: Sure.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Um, wait, so these are videotapes of the movies we made? Brendon: Yeah. They're the videos of them. They're the movies, Jason. Jason: We were taping those movies? Brendon: Yeah. Jason: Well...let's burn them.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Box-Bots] Jason: Tell my girlfriend that I will miss her. Brendon: I can't. We're all being caught. Jason: Well, tell me that you'll miss me, then. Brendon: I going to miss you. Melissa: Here they come. Brendon, Jason, & Melissa: It's time to pay the price.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [talking about the movie they made] Brendon, this is the one that you ripped off "The Verdict". Brendon: I didn't rip off "The Verdict". We ripped off "The Verdict".
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: [talking about his finger] That isn't loaded, it is? Pendlehurst: What did you say? Brendon: Ahem. Your finger...it's really, really close to my face. I'm having intimacy issues with it. Pendlehurst: Stand up...right...now.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Prisoner: Boo! Booooo! Jason: Uh, I think this guy is actually trying to scare us straight.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	[music video] Jason: The T to the P to the P [Brendon joins in beat boxing] Jason & Melissa: P to the A to the Y Jason: It's time to pay the price today.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: I'm Melissa.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendan: (to Melissa) You read a book a month? Man, it would take me like a year to read a book a month.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: (to Brendon) Quarter for the bus, quarter for the bus. The end. Hey Brendon, the end.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: I'm a Big Beautiful woman..... These are Chunky Soup Cans. (As he grabs his bra)
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: One plus two equals McGuirk. Two plus four equals she's hot. Six minus four equals McGuirk's happy.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: Oh my god it's death! Melissa: Coach it's me Melissa. Coach McGuirk: Oh my god it's Melissa! Melissa: This is my costume. Coach McGuirk: Hey you know Melissa you shouldn't be walking around the hospital dressed as death.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: What else are ya gonna do, Lynch? Are you gonna spank me? Spank me. Lynch: McGuirk... McGuirk: [pulls down pants] Here. Here it is, spank it.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: I can't believe the water is hotter than the air! Jason: Don't talk Brendon, I'm peeing.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Random Campers: RABBIT TROOP SUCKS!!!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crywalkers: MAN-HUG!! McGuirk: Brendon, try these leaves. They're poisonous.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: I am Noodles. How's it goin'.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fenton: He punched me. Mr. Lynch: Who did? Brendon: Fenton. Fenton: Uh, me did. It's a lighting thing.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	McGuirk: Everybody move, I got to back up. [he backed up but got bumped by a box] Oh, my God. Somebody move that box over there! [He backs up again, but got bumped yet again] Oh, [censor beep] it. [he backs up again but this time the car hit down the stage] Audience: [clapping]
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Well let's kill Simon and eat him. Jason: Let's just kill someone. Brendon: Yeah. Jason: Yeah, I mean how many times do I have to hint. Brendon: Okay, well we're all in on this you know that? Jason: Thank you, I mentioned it like seven times.
tv-homemovies	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon: Don't get into show business, Josie. Don't spend your life being dragged down by projects that you lose interest in and have to sneak away from. Jason & Melissa: [searching for Brendon] Brendon! Brendon: Where's my childhood gone, Josie?
tv-homemovies	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Junior: One time we come so close to killing a bear, but the guy from the zoo was like, "Get out of here!", and we almost kill a mountain lion, and an alligator, we threw a penny on his head.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [to the investors] Again, I'm sorry about dropping your baby. It's a very heavy baby.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: [to the investors] Oh, your baby is eating one of the action figures, that can't be good for him.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eugene: We get trophy if we win race, at spaghetti dinner it is also award ceremony. Ha ha, I will be victorious over you. Junior: There's something very diabolical and informative about Eugene.
tv-homemovies	love	tv-quote	general	0	Paula: Why should I take your side? Brendon: Because you love me. Paula: I do love you, Brendon, but that won't hold up in court.
tv-homemovies	food	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk: It's Spaghetti Time!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach McGuirk- I've got to agree with your mom, Brendon. Cursing is a sign of ignorance. [to referee] Oh [censor beep], ref! Please! [to Brendon] There's no place for cursing in a civilized society.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon Small - Nobody cares about him. Nobody cares whether he lives or dies. I'm all that [censor beep] piece of [censor beep]s got.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paula Small- What?!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendon- Nothing...
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Referring to the dog) Jason : He's been splattering poop like a monkey's racehorse.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	(referring to Taunto) Coach McGuirk: Next time that thing comes near me, I'm gonna eat it. I'm serious!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perry & Walter: Yea for Brendon!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Perry: Chase the butterfly! Walter: Smash the butterfly!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Brendon, is your grandfather really dying? Brendon: We're all dying, Melissa.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brendan:Did you just say "weeeow?"
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: That's insane you don't have any poof. Brendon: Poof? Melissa: Proof!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jason: Weeow!
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: Well what time is there? McGuirk: What do you mean what time is it there??? What time zone are you in!!! Doctor: Don't call this number again
tv-homemovies	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	(during his eye surgery) McGuirk:- I smell burning eye.
tv-homemovies	life	tv-quote	general	0	Melissa: Alright we get the point. Fenton: No I don't think you do. Junior: Horrible. Fenton: Terrible. Junior: Boo. Brendon: What the hell do you guys know about anything? Walter: Don't get mad at us, Brendon. We're your audience. Perry: Yeah, you need us.
