tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Debbie: [on intercom] That was the ornithologist. The results were negative. Harvey: Thank you.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judge Mightor: Order... order in the court room. Uhhhh lord I have had enough of you two! Now Mr. Birdbath... beanbag whatever your name is. SIT DOWN AND SHUT YOUR HOLE! Now Mr. Vulture... Vulture? Vulturo... opening arguments.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mightor: State your first name, your last name, and your occupation. Lizardman: Lizardman, Lizardman, and Lizardman.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey Birdman: Dr. Quest, tell us a little about your relationship with... Dr. Benton Quest: Well, Race and I met one night... Harvey Birdman: [gritted teeth] With your boys!
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey Birdman: I want you to know that your father loves you both very much. Jonny Quest: But he throws like a girl. Harvey Birdman: So did Martina Navratilova, but that doesn't mean she wasn't macho in many other important ways.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mightor: BOOTYLICIOUS! Harvey: Yes your Honor? Mightor: Your Witness...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey Birdman: Avenger, call Doctor Quest. Avenger: CAW!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: When I say the word "superhero", what names come to mind? Wonder Woman. Aquaman. Superman. Birdman. These are names... Juror: Uh, excuse me, I don't think of Birdman. Harvey: Not my point...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: Back off! I've got a shrink gun. Who touched my ankle? Gun! Do you think I dont see? You dont think I feel your eyes like grubby little fingers, little children's fingers on my body? Back off! I will make you teensy.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reducto's opening statement] Reducto: What kind of stinking superhero loses his powers to a cup of coffee in the crotch? That's all I have.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Mr Vulcan, tell us about your superpower. Black Vulcan: Pure electricity... in my pants. Harvey: Tell us, what would life be like without your powers? Black Vulcan: Well, you know when the power goes out in your house? It would be like that... but in your pants.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Apache Chief grows and fills the courtroom] Mightor: [smiling] Chief got his teepee back. Case dismissed.
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: So consider that your first lesson in lawyering, clerk. [Peanut stares at him blankly] The job. It's yours. Congratulations Peanut: Well gosh, that's great. Do I get a gun? Harvey: Sure!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Velma: I know the way it looks, Mr. Birdman, but that's just the way they are. Daphne: They always act that way Peanut: [to Daphne] Oooh. Sprechen ze sexy. Harvey: You mean those boys weren't... Guard: [to someone offscreen] Hi! Fred: Nope, they're just stupid.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: There are two lives that depend on me giving the performance of my life in court tomorrow. Bartender: Scotch? Harvey: Hell, yeah! Let's get stinko!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil:: Defend the bear, Birdman. And don't forget, I'll be keeping my eyes on you. Harvey: Eye. Phil:: I didn't know you were Scottish!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto:: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. This... animal, here, this ursine fellow - UNCLEAN! - He rejected society and retreated to a cave in the woods to plot his vile, [points his shrink-ray at the jurors] NOD! Nod at what I am saying or I will shoot!
tv-harveybirdman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Manager: Oi. [subtitle:They stole our song.]
tv-harveybirdman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Hmmm. It says here that if a person's not married by the time he's 35, he's got a better chance of being robbed at gunpoint by a desperate and somewhat bloated Christian Slater.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Yo, Bird. Shoyu Weenie. Harvey: You know them? Peanut: Sure. [sings] "Banaaanas. Ice creaamy. Veg-e-ta-ble. Steam steeaaamy!"
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Band member: [speaks Japanese] [subtitle: Do you think we have a chance?] Harvey: [nods] Hakujin. [subtitle: White Guy]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Band Member:[in japanese] I'm hungry. Harvey: Aren't you cute. Here's a football. An American football. [Hands the band member a football with "Made In China" on the side]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: All's fair in love and bouncey-bouncey!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: I missed you last night. At the bar. Where you said you were going to meet me. THAT bar. [starts jumping as if he's grossed out] I touched a public phone to call you. AND YOU WEREN'T THERE!!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Phil Ken Sebben: Do you know what this means to the firm?! The billable hours?! I can finally build that lake house, and I'll run around naked all day. Ha ha... dangly parts.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Sorry I'm late all but I just got the phone call to come over... I mean, I was just summoned by the spheres! [Imitates Theremin] anyway they said go to 101, we can't find the other guy. When your Broca's a broka? My god, man, get a writer!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a bird with a strangely shaped beak testifies against Fred Flintstone] Can Opener: The guy's a pig; a Neanderthal. Fred: You're dead to me, can opener!
tv-harveybirdman	family	tv-quote	general	0	Fred Flintstone: Marone! Will you clean this child [Pebbles]. She smells like dinosaur doodoo!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: [After being kissed by Thundarr the Barbarian] Wow, that's a man kiss.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Falcón: Gracias. Phil: Ha ha... sissy European lisp thingy.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: [Looking at Falcón]: I think I can safely say that Blue brings something to the firm we didn't have before. [Looks at Harvey Birdman]. Not this. This is something here before NOT we have.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Step off, Holmes! Peanut: Oh, I was trying, just trying to talk about your tattoo. Harvey: You wouldn't last two minutes in my world!
tv-harveybirdman	society	quip	general	0	Harvey: 12 Jurors. 1 Judge. 1/2 a chance
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X, The Eliminator: Birdman! Prepare to meet thy fate! Harvey: Thy?
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Debbie: Your lunch appointment is here... for tomorrow. [Harvey looks at his watch that says 9:00]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[awkward silence] X and Harvey at the same time: Coffee!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Secret Squirrel: "Never fear, madam, Secret Squirrel has just what you need right here!" [woman screams] "Wait! I didn't even pull it out yet!"
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Inch-High takes off his towel in the sauna] Phil: Ha ha, not to scale.
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Let's see here, ARBITRATION. [High voice]Thats for people who are too teeny to go to court, teeny wiennie, peenie.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devlin: Ever hear of "imitatable acts"? Harvey: Oh, great movie! Eszterhas.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: [after failing to get an injured boy to physically react to certain things] You said you saw him scratch his nose! Peanut: Yes! When they were prying him off his little wheelchair, he was all [whines and swats the air like a sissy]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil Ken Sebben: That reminds me, Birdman! You're Fi...Ernie Devlin? Devlin: Yo? Phil Ken Sebben: It's me, Phil! Ken! Seb...Ben...Phil.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devlin: Is it hot in here... or was I just engulfed in flames? And broads?
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: [to Avenger at his going-away party] So. Twenty years, huh? Avenger: Caw. [long silence] Potamus: This blows! Who's up for a Hooter's run? Bear: *grunt* Potamus: What? Hooter's? For the bird? It's an owl reference! Reducto: Big bosoms make me nauseous.
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jane: Hard day at the button, dear?. George: Oh, it was brutal...brutal! I had to push the button on and off five times. That Spacely's a slavedriver.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil:[slaps Orbity] YOU HUSSY! YOU CHEATING COB! [Orbity whimpers]
tv-harveybirdman	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Priest:[in the year 4063 A.P., everyone is worshiping potamus] I got that THING, he sent me!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: They came to anally probe me!! HA HA! Third kind.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Pleased to meet your Mr. ... [Laugh-O-Lympics committee member grabs Harvey's stapler, putting it in his pocket] Harvey: My stapler seems to have fallen into your... Phil: Ixnay on the aplerstay, okay... ay? This is the big time, Laugh-O-Lympics, Birdman.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: GiGi! You look absolutely...[GiGi turns around and Potamus notices she's pregnant] Gotta run.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: I've met the un-shrinkable!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: I'd like to welcome you all to the bi-annual... Ha ha ha! Bi! Sebben & Sebben Board of Director's meeting.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: [opens the door for Doggy Daddy] Doggy Daddy: Just tell me what you want me to do. Phil: [stands there silently] Doggy Daddy: [tries to go through the door, and Phil slams it on his muzzle.]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: [humping Doggy Daddy] I'm the alpha male! I AM THE ALPHA MALE!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Birdman, this is Dvd, our new efficiency expert. Harvey: Interesting name. Norweg...? Dvd: Was "David". I eliminated the vowels to save time. Phil: Brllnt!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Mr. Birdman, you clearly have something on your mind, know how I know tha- Harvey: Yeah yeah, Mind-taking Mentok: WATCH YOUR TONE WITH ME MR. MAN... BIRD... THING!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Hey, Dvd, What if we just combine the urinal and the water fountain? [unzips his pants, causing the guy drinking from the fountain to spit out water]
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Harvey, it's come to my attention that you're not using both sides of the toilet paper. You're wasting a ply!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: If it's yellow, leave it mellow. If it's brown, flush it down... maybe.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Ha ha ha, Noses on dowels.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Blue Falcon: Senior, have faith if you could do me a favor. Birdman: Sure. Blue Falcon: Before you enter, could you expectorate on me. Birdman: Sorry? Blue Falcon: Expectorate, como se dice? Spitting?
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Quickdraw: "The right of the people to keep and bear arms," Mr. Birdman, "shall not be infringed." Harvey: Wait, I've heard that. Quickdraw: Second Amendment. Harvey: Oh, yeah.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Harvey is reading Wally Gator's case file] Harvey: Operating a speedboat in protected waters... Operating a speedboat while firing a weapon... Operating a speedboat while operating a twelve pack...So, he's pretty much being charged for - Phil: Being a redneck. Yep.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Mr. Gator! I'm your attorney and I would love to come inside and... [loud explosion, sheep bleating] Harvey: Uh... For you to come outside so we can discuss your case in a civilised manner. Litigator to... alligator.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wally Gator: OK, I'm coming out! Y'all gonna tackle me? Police: A lil' bit. Wally Gator: Aw, sh**...
tv-harveybirdman	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Huh, I thought that a gator only ate what it killed. Wally Gator: Not when it's $2.99 a pound at the Costco!
tv-harveybirdman	love	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: [in bed whimpering] I don't know quite what you're expecting but I must confess. This is my first time. Norlissa: You're right, baby. It is your first time. 'Cause until you've been with Norlissa, you haven't done it right.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Black Vulcan: [to Norlisa] So! You've got a new man! Is that what it is? Baby...WHOO!! You lose your gym membership or something? I like 'em big, but mm... Norlisa: What?! When's the last time you went to the gym?! Look at that big old gut on you that looks like one big ab!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Take downs are worth two points. [A bra lands on one of the monks.] Phil: Ummm... Three if you're topless. Monk: I see...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Some 'un got a summons.
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: I'm being sued! Right? Peanut: Yeah... I think that's fair to say. Harvey: Quick, I need a lawyer! Peanut: ... Wait... Harvey: I need a good lawyer!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shado: Fools! I am SHADOOOO THE BRAIIINNN THIEF!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shado: All part of a class action suit against this supposed "hero."... Harvey to Potamus: Class action suit! And your opening statement was about that thing you sent them? Potamus: [points at large chested court reporter] Check out the ha-has on Miss Stenopad.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Nightshade: Look, I'm Professor Nightshade. PROFESSOR Nightshade, I don't care who you are, you show a professor a little respect. You don't just shoot him 5-no wait (looks into his pants and nods as he counts) fi-no six, six! times in the nads!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: I can't feel my leg! My third leg!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Hello? Western Union? Are you in? Birdman: Huh? Oh.. Oh no, I'm out of chips! X: Maybe, there's something else of value you can bet? Birdman: What? X: Like, the CCCCCRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEESSSSTTT on Birdman's helmet!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Peanut: Whaddya got? X: Uh... Four. Kings. [pause] I WIN! I WIN! I WIN I WIN I WIN! [Dashes out the door, singing] Hey mister passer-by, CREST ON BIRDMAN'S HELMET! [Birdman's cell phone rings and he answers it, it is X] I WON!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X: [runs out of his room] LIGHT-UP CREST ON BIRDMAN'S HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE... [Scene cuts to Harvey's office. X runs in] X: ...EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELMET!!!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Birdman: And if I fire this, it should stun him enough so I can retrieve my... Peanut: Crest? Birdman: YES! [Birdman squeezes through oil covered hole, wearing no pants] BIRDMAN'S CREST ON X'S HELMET! [a pregnant pause] Peanut: Okay, that was creepy.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Oh, you do, do you? [X pops up in the background] X: The evil-do that I do do.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X: See, that lighting guy didn't do me any favors. Zardo: I think you look very good, I do think... X: I wonder if this was my 15. Zardo: No, No. Look at you. You're fantastic on television. You should be on television. X: It's occurred to me.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	X: (singing) Hey, Mr. Passer-by! Crest on Birdman's helmet!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Everyone, it's Take Phil's Daughter To Work Day. Peanut: I hereby volunteer to show her the interior of every supply closet.
tv-harveybirdman	love	quip	general	0	Phil: I'm no Fred Flinstone, but I'm gonna make your bed-rock!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Birdgirl: Daddy!!! Phil: Ooh, that's hot! Say it again!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: That's it, you can't hang around anymore! This is not a game! Someone could have died back there, before any billable services were rendered.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reducto: [while being shot with his shrink gun] Oh, sweet teensy bliss; goodbye, large world!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Falcon Seven: Birdman! A madman has stolen a sensitive military test rocket! Birdman: But Falcon Seven, I'm decoupaging! If I leave now, it may bubble! Falcon Seven: We need you, Birdman! Birdman: Auuggghhh!
tv-harveybirdman	life	quip	general	0	Grok: An oracle foretold of a pink feathered man-bird coming from the sky to bring pestilence and death upon our tribe. You bad chinga, brother.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: Sentcha decrees a feast and an orgy... Hell, an orgy sexy feast. Grok: That's Prince's best album.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: I'm not even pink! It's the spa terry!
tv-harveybirdman	love	quip	general	0	Phil: I'm not a marriage counselor, but I do have this whip.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: You speak English?! Grok: Why wouldn't I? Yet another cultural stereotype... Harvey: No, it's just that, uh, the dinosaurs and the grunting and all... where did you learn...? Grok: Three semesters at CSU-Long Beach. Cavemen: GO, NINERS!
tv-harveybirdman	science	tv-quote	general	0	Harvey: Peanut, if we're going to win this case, I need proof. Peanut: Proof of what? Harvey: Um... Evolution? [they come across an unnamed governor suspiciously-reminiscent of George Wallace at the schoolhouse gates] Peanut: I'd look elsewhere for that...
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Mopey, mopey hippo!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spyro: [With the mind of a child] I had a bad dream. I wanna' sleep with you! Mentok: [Grinning] Who doesn't?
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Y'know, two dates...two nights...people will start a-talkin'. Are you comfortable? Gigi: Not with these clothes on. They're so tight and...clothesy. [Gigi rips off her dress] Mentok: [grinning] This is why I came to Earth [shakes fist at sky] Take that, Momtok!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: All right. Your judge had a frustrating, frustrating night last night so I'd appreciate it if everybody just played nicey-nice.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: Eeney, meenie, miney, MINDSWAP!
tv-harveybirdman	life	quip	general	0	[7 Habits of Highly Flatulent People] Denial, Acceptance, Getting There, Cover-up, Solutions, Reforms, Exploiting your Talents
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there. I was busy counting my large sums of money. Ever get a paper cut from a $7,000 bill? Doesn't tickle. But you'll never have to worry about that!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[Harvey has a stack of documents to be copied] Harvey: Morning! Can I really get this in an hour? Elliott: Yes, sir. We'll have it done in two hours. Harvey: Ah, okay! Great! Two hours! Elliott: Come on back in four hours and we'll have it all ready for you.
tv-harveybirdman	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mentok: What's the meaning of this? This is my quiet time. Hiram Mightor: We're going to have to take you into custody. Mentok: Ha ha. That's outrageous. What am I charged with? Hiram Mightor: Don't have to tell you anymore. Clearly you haven't been reading your Scalia.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: [to a janitor] Regarding the talc situation - you're out of it! Avenger: Potamus. Did you flush? Potamus: Who said that? Avenger: I did, fatass.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Phil fumbles a tranquilizer dart, which lands on his crotch] Phil: Ha, ha, HA! Numby nutkins!
tv-harveybirdman	food	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: Judy! Sweet tender flexible Judy is trapped by a rack!... (Judy is shown trapped in a food rack with bread around her)A rack of carbs!
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Potamus: I have no idea? I was in a lunchroom trying to open a mustard pak, and now my clothes are all ripped up! You gotta help me... WHO AM I! (scene zooms out to see Peter with a woman) Hey, Hey! It's starting to come back!
tv-harveybirdman	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Guy: Hey! You don't have the authority to hire people! Potamus: Oh yeah? (leans out the window where below, an attractive girl walks past) Hey HA HAS! You're hired!
tv-harveybirdman	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Debbie: Two things: I'm going to lunch, and the office has degraded into sectarian violence.
tv-harveybirdman	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phil: Ha Ha Ha! Last laugh!
