tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Student 1: Look at the rack on Lucy (Student 1 is attacked by a dog) Student 1: Ah my face! Student 2: I didn't know we could bring dogs to school.
tv-lucydevil	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: Did you just call art stupid? Dad? Devil: No. Lucy: Yes you did! Devil: Art is not stupid Lucy. I gotta go.
tv-lucydevil	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Devil: But it's funner to say letters. Becky: Yes it is fun for you. Devil: Do one. Becky: Ok how's it going with the A.C. Devil: The Air Conditioning? Becky: See this is what I mean. Devil: What's the A.C.? Becky: Anti Christ!
tv-lucydevil	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Devil: I paid for your stupid art school, didn't I? And I got you a dog. A hypo-allergenic dog, mind you, because you're allergic.
tv-lucydevil	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Senator Whitehead: You're playing it pretty cool with me. Very, "get out of my face". Very "I'm not impressed with your power and money". Lucy: You are an enormous douche bag!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	DJ Jesús: I want to push DJing. I want it to be more than DJing, and also less than DJing. That's why I started incorporating nearicles into my set. Nearicles are like almost miracles. You get close, but it's not quite there. It's, it's a nearicle.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Special Father #1: At the time, we were also blind to the most horrible secret of all: the Devil's unholy move into the casual after-work style bar and grill business.
tv-lucydevil	life	dark	general	0	Opening song: I don't want to go to sleep. Lucy won't you come with me. Let's go paint the town red, Let's go paint the town red. All these people bother me, let's go on a killing spree. Let's go paint the town red.
tv-lucydevil	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: Hey, you know what would be horribly bad and tacky? Devil: What's that? Lucy: Karaoke. Devil: ...I love karaoke.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	DJ Jesús: A restaurant chain? That's the belly of the beast man. That's awesome. We'll shoot it for the DVD, and we won't just do karaoke, we'll do Escape-Ee-Oke.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devil: What's the matter Becky, huh!? You don't like singing and fun? Everyone else here does! Okay, wet blanket!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Animatronic Talking Burrito: Holy chimichanga! I'm goin' outta my man-ga!
tv-lucydevil	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Judas: All right now, someone from the audience will sing 'Shadows of the Night' by Pat Benatar, while DJ Jesus attempts to free himself before the song is over. And if he doesn't, he will be lowered into a pit...of vipers!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Special Father #2: You know, I would split nachos. Special Father #1: I'm not supposed to eat cheese. Special Father #2: You're not supposed to eat cheese? Why not? Special Father #1: No, it's like an irritable bowel... Sister Mary: Fathers!
tv-lucydevil	life	dark	nsfw	1	Becky: According to our studies, if the people of the world masturbate just eight percent more, civilization will collapse. Becky: We feel that men can't possibly masturbate more, but women, women can. Devil: Yeah, especially her. Translate that.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	DJ Jesús: We want your Dad to make a dildo of me breaking the world record for holding my arms out. We're gonna auction it off on holdingmyarmsout.com. Judas: I'd buy it...For my Mom! (silence) Ah. For your Mom! Woo!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Special Father #2: For two minutes I'm inna the bathroom and the guy comes! It's not my fault! Sister Mary: Oh, I doubt it was two minutes. He reads US Magazine cover to cover in there!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Becky: (holding up dildo) Here's to Lucy and her horrible dildo! Devil: You know what, I don't wanna cheer with dildos. Becky: What's the problem, that one hasn't been used. Devil: That one has? Ughh. Becky: Awkward.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devil: A teratoma is a tumor that grows teeth and hair. It's the most disgusting thing in the world. Becky: Yeah. Devil: And, I'd like to introduce you. Becky, this is Terry. Terry: Hello Becky.
tv-lucydevil	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Special Father #1: But the forces of light can spread too. Spread like good news. In this case, the good news was a young DJ's delightful debut novel that combined the Christian allegory of Chronicles of Narnia with the folksy wisdom of Tuesday's With Morrie.
tv-lucydevil	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Becky: That book is a big problem. Devil: Don't worry about it. I already posted a bad review on Amazon.com Becky: That's not enough!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Devil: Becky, where have you been, I've been trying to reach...Oh. Hey Terry. Terry: Satan. Devil: Were you guys somewhere together? Terry and Becky at the same time: Yeah, we had a meeting/ No I was at the gym. Devil: That's weird, you just said two different things.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: Hey, what are you doing back here? Devil: Oh, I was giving Terry a tour. Lucy: Where's Terry? Devil: Ah, I put him in the deep fryer. Lucy: Well, that's good timing because DJ Jesús just ordered up a veggie burger. Devil: Lucy. Evil.
tv-lucydevil	faith	dark	edgy	1	Satanists: Praise Satan! Man in cage: (as he is dropped into a flaming pit) Aieee! Satan: (opening door) Sorry I'm late! Holy shit it's hot in here. I brought Pinot Grigio. Where can I chill this?
tv-lucydevil	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Special Father #1: (VO) Worshipers believe that a blood sacrifice secures for them their selfish desires and an audience with their dark prince. Satanist #1: Hey that's a great sweater. Satan: Thanks a lot. Satanist #2: Yeah, it's so Cosby.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Senator Whitehead: Hey, uh any requests for who we should sacrifice? Satan: I don't know. Don't you usually do that? I just show up.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	DJ Jesús: Look, if you've got it, flaunt it. Sandals are like bikinis for your feet.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Becky: That's what you've been working on all day? Poop jokes? Satan: Yeah. What's wrong with that? Becky, you go poop. I know you do.
tv-lucydevil	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Satan: We celebrate the quest for power. We desecrate with blood and fire! Minions: Praise Satan! Satan: But first, please put your hands together for our opening act. You've seen him on Premium Blend. Folks, please welcome the very funny Reggie Goldstein!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Special Father #1: No, we're going in circles. (pause) Is someone doing comedy? Sister Mary: These people are monsters! Reggie: Ah, you ever take a shit so big you take a photo of it?
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Senator Whitehead: I need you to give my fuck-up son a job. It can be anything; I just need him tucked away somewhere during the campaign. He's a registered sex offender. Did you know that? Satan: Uh, I'm not surprised. I mean look at him.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Satan: I'm sorry. I'm on the South Beach diet. And it makes me a little edgy. Not to mention I have hygiene issues. When someone goes (blows raspberry) and it's not me, that's not hygienic.
tv-lucydevil	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Satan: That's funny, too, Becky! You're having fun at work! Becky: Fun? Satan: Yes!! Becky: Yeah, I guess... Satan: You WERE Becky... don't take it back. Becky: I guess. No, this is... this is fun. Satan: Don't do that, don't itch your neck...
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Judas: Lucy's taking a long time with that food, huh? DJ Jesùs: Well, for Lucy, service is not about speed, it's about power. Judas: Wow, that's deep man. You should write that down. DJ Jesús: Already did. In my brain diary.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Nightshade: Garlic? Just a mild food allergy. If you want to give a vampire the runs, cook them ziti with some garlic sauce. Sister Mary: Good to know. Get ready to shit, vampires!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Special Father #1: And Father Murphy, how long did he serve here? New Priest/Survivor of Vampire Attack: Just a week. Special Father #1: They just kept sending priests. Sister Mary: Like staying in and ordering take-out.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nightshade: (holding florescent light and killing vampires): High alpha, full spectrum, baby! Forty-two hundred lumens!
tv-lucydevil	faith	dark	general	0	Satan (on infomercial): Call now to take advantage of this special offer! (speaking quietly and quickly) Side effects may include drowsiness, nightmares, and psychotic episodes. If you die in your dreams, you die in real life.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bimbo #1: I love that track, what is it? DJ Jesús: That's ah, Himalayan yak herders. Bimbo #2: That's so cool. Judas: Yak herders! Those guys sure know how to party! Wooo!
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	general	0	DJ Jesús: Oh, hey Lucy. Wow, I just had the wildest dream and you were in it! And you Judas! And you Skanky Girl! And Skanky Girl's Friend, you were there too! And Crazy Shirt, you were all there.
tv-lucydevil	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Judas: Dude! You're naked! Senator Whitehead: Yes, I woke up naked on the docks and I decided to come straight to work. Judas: Nice dick! Senator Whitehead: Thank you Judas: What I'd give for half of that. DJ Jay, spit some beats for that politicians dick
