tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: You want to know the best part about childhood? At some point, it stops.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Hey, Francis, how's school? Francis: Oh, couldn't be better, Mom. My new roommate showed me how to kill mice with a hammer yesterday. So, you know, between that and the general atmosphere of simmering homo-eroticism, I think I'm really starting to turn around.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[After cleaning up the house] Reese: It's never been this clean before. Malcolm: Uh-oh. It's too clean. Francis: You're right. She'll never buy it. [The boys start messing up the house]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I can't stop thinking about what I did to Kevin. I feel like crap, and no one understands. Even you--you're supposed to be my friend and you don't even care. Stevie: And yet...you keep...talking.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Mom, can I have a story? Lois: Once upon a time, there was a little boy that made his mom so crazy she decided to sell him to a circus. Dewey: An evil circus? Lois: No, a nice one with monkeys. Dewey: Thank you.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Someone stole my friend's wheelchair. Security Guard: What's it look like? Malcolm: It's a chair... with wheels.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: All right, I've had it! You two are banned from Nintendo. Reese: OK! We're already banned from Nintendo. Malcolm: [to audience] The sad thing is, he thinks he's outsmarted her.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Hey, what am I thinking right now? Malcolm: I'm smart, I'm not a psychic. Dewey: Can you understand what dogs are saying? Malcolm: No. Dewey: I can.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal comes home to see Reese and Malcolm kneeling with their noses against a door] Hal: Oh, hello, boys. How long are you in for? Reese: Another hour. Hal: Yeaow.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's been ten days since Mom lost her job. Yf
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Malcolm, what is all that stuff from your teacher? That woman sends home two or three fliers every day. Malcolm: She says she wants the parents to be involved as possible with the children. Lois: At school? It's the only break I get!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Mom, I can't wear Reese's hand-me-downs. Look at this, Jell-o in the pockets, the fly's broken, and it smells like wet dog. Lois: You should be glad he only wore it the one time.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Francis attempts to eat 100 marshmallow "quacks"] Cadets: 61! 62! 63!... [horrified] 62... 61... [enthusiastic] 62! 63! 64!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey [singing]: A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D. Lady: Honey, it's A-B-C-D E. Dewey: I know. [singing again] A-B-C-D. A-B-C-D.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: OK, let me get this straight -- we've been waiting all afternoon for a crane, and now, the crane is here! Construction Worker: That's right. Lois: And the man who works the crane? He's here, too! Construction Worker: That's right. Lois: THEN WHY IS NOTHING HAPPENING?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: What's the point of being out here? Reese: So you can find stuff like this. (picks up a dirty sock) Hehe, smells like gasoline.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Oh, flashing the brights. It's gonna be like that, huh? [Puts both feet on the brake of the van to frustrate the silver Volvo.] Lois: Oh good lord Hal, he could have a gun. Just pull over and let him pass.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: All right, silver Toyota, you win this round. (lets the Toyota pass him by) Haha, get there two seconds sooner!! It's just an accident waiting to happen. (The car wrecks into a truck and everyone screams, Hal slams on his brakes)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ice Cream Man [to Reese]: That will teach you to mess with me. I was a surgeon in my country.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: MALCOLM!! REESE!!! MOVE!!!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Dewey. Where's the baby-sitter? Dewey: She's ran away. Lois: You got rid of another baby-sitter? I can't believe you boys.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal:[being administered a DUI test by a highway officer] Z. Y. X. W...
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: OK let me tell you something. If I say I could eat a 100 Quacks, you could take that as a bonafide guarantee. And there's no need to resort to personal attacks, I would hate to raise the issue of you wearing BOXERS in the SHOWER!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: WE OWN YOU ALL! No one is safe. We are the kings of this block. Did you hear me, world? Violence...just...got...a...little...more...RANDOM!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Boys: Diaper! Diaper! Diaper! Diaper! Diaper! (they throw it and watch with excited faces, then they later change to a disgusted one) Francis: Well, let's not do any of those again.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Imagine if this was to fall into the wrong hands. Dewey: I see an old lady!! Malcolm: RELOAD! RELOAD!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: We've established that, we're just going in circles here!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: This isn't fair. Mom should have never taken us to a store that sells candy. She set us up!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boy [to Lois]: Hey, lady, are you going to hog that cage all day? Lois: (inside a batting cage) I got news for you, kid. I'm a grown-up with a credit card and no curfew. I could stay here all week if I want.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I'm lost. (Francis punches Reese) OW! Francis: That's how Mom feels... on the inside.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After Francis keeps talking to another girl) Amaani: You're wasting your time. She doesn't speak English. Francis: Oh. Amaani: Which is just as well, because if she understood the crap you were feeding her, she'd laugh in your face.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: I have my own problems. I have to go to a kegger, party with my friends, and make out with an African goddess with this hanging over my head. Come on, Amanni.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Hey I promised you girls! Not quality girls.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Well gentlemen, I've had enough experience with debacles to know when to cut your losses.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: (knocking on Spangler's door) Sir? Spangler: Go away! I told you I did not want to be disturbed. My aunt and I are... catching up. Francis: I... I thought you said it was your mother, sir. (Long pause) Spangler: Go away!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to the boys]: Now, remember, no throwing ice, no flicking butter at the ceiling, no sticking gum under the table, and no eating gum already stuck under the table!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spangler (referring to the damage the local girls wrought): I'd say we got off lucky. This happened once before in '72; we had to bulldoze the Ampitheater.
tv-malcolm	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie [to Reese]: Crying on command got me a cable modem!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Whoa, interesting dinner. Stevie beat the crap out of Reese, his dad got drunk, and his mom went totally psycho. Oh my god, we're contagious!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: What sounds more idiotic: "Let's go to the desert, kids" or "Good idea, Dad"?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I don't like ghosts. They eat little boys.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: You know what nobody's mentioned, is that this is supposed to be the greatest army in the world, and you couldn't even kill the three of us. I gotta tell ya, I'm not impressed.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (sees some explosive devices) Okay, I just figured this out... RUN!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: supt good, cougars don't just blow up! Reese: As near as I can figure, I did it with my mind. Malcolm: Reese! That's insane! Reese: I wouldn't talk to me like that if I were you.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (to an army general): Well, the thing is that when we saw the fence we did not know if we were going in or out, Malcolm, do you want to explain it? Malcolm (terrified): No, I don't.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I'm thirsty. Malcolm: Yeah, well, we would have water if some idiot hadn't used to it write a S.O.S in the sand. Reese: Oh, I see. You people let me carry the water and all of a sudden I'm the idiot.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Dewey, I only have one phone call, so put your mother on the phone so she can come pick us up. (Dewey puts the phone down) Lois: Who was that? Dewey: Wrong number.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: [referring to Dewey] I don't believe this! Here I'm supposed to be the genius, and I'm being outsmarted by someone who can't tie his own shoes!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Malcolm and Reese are locked out of the house at night.] Malcolm: What are we going to do now? Reese: [falls into a cesspool via a trap they had set up earlier] AAAAAHHHH! Oh my God! What is this stuff? Malcolm: Well, at least the night isn't a total loss.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Come on, Reese. Hurry up! Reese: Sorry, I had to put the "lemonade" in the fridge.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patty: Hungry? Malcolm: I don't know what I am.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [about Dewey]: Hehe. He's cute! I hate him for being cute!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [to Dewey]: You, sitting around with your big eyes and your dopey voice. I have to resist hugging you myself.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patty (about Francis): He was so nice, and so cute. Reese: Yeah, I'm a lot like him. (Malcolm rolls his eyes)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: What is that? Malcolm: It's the cest pool. Dewey: We have a pool? Malcolm: It's the sewage of the house.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Barbara & Tom are watching Hal fight Jack while Lois tries to stop them) Barbara: Oh, for God's sake, Tom. Do something! Tom: I'll refill your drink. Barbara: Okay.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I can dance... wanna see? Patty: Okay. Dewey (gets up and dances): Poopy, poopy, poopy, poopy, poop-y! Poopy, poopy, poopy, poo. (repeats over and continues dancing) Malcolm (to the camera): This is embarrassing.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom [to Hal]: Well that was still good on how you got him to scream like a girl. Hal (embarrassed): No, that was actually me.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hal and Tom are restrained by guards and both of them are sweating up a rainstorm.) Hal: It's too late! Something snapped! I am way past the point of no return! We're talking primal animal urges! I'm gonna let nature take its course...AND KILL HIM!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: That's strange. Why would someone fill this thing with hundreds of hanging bowties? Malcolm: Those aren't bowties. Those are bats!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Does anyone want my baked potato? It's kind of burnt. Hal: Reese, we didn't have any baked potatoes. (Reese looks down and sees a bat on his plate) Everyone (screams): Aggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: So, Dewey, how was school today? Dewey: Mikey Duffy pushed me down today. Hal: Well, did you push him back? Dewey: No, he's bigger than me. Hal: Uh-huh... Reese? Reese: I'm on it.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to the camera): Okay, so I faked it. But with the family I have, it would've been only a matter of time anyway.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to the camera): I need to seem cured, but to leave the door open for a relapse when I start ballet next semester.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: The tricky part is I need to keep this up without being put on medication.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (cleaning up): Underpants, in a closet. Human underpants!! I must not threaten you people enough.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Malcolm]: Where's your jester costume? Malcolm: In my backpack. I'll wear it at school. Lois: Put it on. I didn't stay up all night for my health.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Why don't you just put a bulls-eye on my chest and get it over with? Lois: Oh, you look fine. (The bells on Malcolm's costume jingle) And Reese will tell me if you take these off.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to the camera): When I was six, I dove in a pool and my trunks came off. God, I wish I was there right now!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Caroline: Oh, come on. We've studied this. There is nothing dirty about the miracle of life. And we should all be able to discuss this openly. Dabney: Who's the father? Stevie: Does he... work here? Caroline: All right, you know. I told you we are not playing this game again!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Dabney has three dentist appointments every week. His teeth look fine to me. Lloyd: He's not going to the dentist. He's going to the "dentist." It's the secret code for the school therapist.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Look at this, ever heard of fabric softener? These sheets are like sleeping on straw. Cadet Martin: Hey, it was good enough for baby Jesus. Francis: Get out! (Cadet Martin leaves; Francis throws away all the detergent)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: And when I do, we are all gonna clean up this disaster of a closet. It's gonna be our new family project. Hal: We've never finished our last family project. Lois: Because it's in here under two tons of crap!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I can't do it. I'm stupid and I'm terrible. I suck at everything.... AND I'M FAT!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (while cleaning out the closet) Who are the Petersons? Why do we have their photo albums? Hi, Malcolm. How was school? Malcolm: It was normal. Yeah, I'd say normal. Very medieval. (pointing in the closet) Is that a truck tire? Lois: What? Oh, my... Hal!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Caroline: Okay, your Holiness, would you start the gay... as in happy... Harvest Possession.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I'm sick of being a bully. It's creepy.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, that's not fair! What do they expect him to do, beat up a girl? Reese: I get to beat up a girl...cool!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Those guys are nuts. I'm funny!... Aren't I funny? Lloyd: To be honest, you can be a little caustic. Stevie: The word... is arrogant. Dabney: How about bitter, sarcastic and handsome? (Lloyd and Stevie stare at him) (points somewhere) Hey, she's cute.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick [to Malcolm]: Remember me? "Moby Rick"? (sarcastically) That was so hilarious. Malcolm: I never called you Moby Rick. I called you Rickapotamus, although... (Rick punches him)
tv-malcolm	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: You're talking about joining a cult, Reese! Reese: My name isn't Reese anymore. Malcolm: Then what is it? Reese: I don't remember, but it's not Reese!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Is Reese a girl now? Malcolm: No, Dewey, he's a lady. Reese: Shut up. Malcolm: Sorry, ma'am.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Reese, an old woman's purse is a little boy's book bag... if he's European.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [while throwing rocks at Dewey]: I'm trying to protect you!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Hey, I think 45 minutes of rubbing out corns is worth at least an hour joyride.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After being caught joyriding by Lois, all the Krelboynes leave except for Malcolm & Stevie) Malcolm: Need some help, Stevie? Stevie: Pop... the trunk.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The Krelboynes are enjoying their joyride with Malcolm at the wheel. Soon the boys hide except for him.) Malcolm: What? What's going on?! (in slow motion, he sees his mother in a van passing by, both are shocked)'
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bully 1: Are you calling me a liar? [Dewey hits the first bully with the purse. The second one is hit as well. The other two dodges it and then the four are sent running. Soon Reese is impressed when Dewey reveals the brick and tosses it on the ground.] Reese: Nice.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cadets: Sir! Commandant Spangler: Cadets. Francis: What's up, chief? [Spangler punishes Francis by forcing him to stand outside and hold a rucksack full of rations and a sleeping bag.]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Dewey]: What are you doing? Dewey (scrubbing): I'm killing the germs. I hate germs. Germs are scary. Lois: Don't forget the germs in the oven.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Malcolm about Cynthia]: You be nice to that girl. It's obvious she has no friends.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Cynthia: Thanks for inviting me to dinner. Lois: Your quite welcome. I'm sure if my son wasn't a rude selfish little pig, he would have invited you himself.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Malcolm, can you ask your girlfriend to pass the potatoes? (Cynthia hands Reese a bowl of mashed potatoes) Malcolm, can you thank your girlfriend for me?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Malcolm, can you ask your girlfriend if she would like some more peas? Dewey: We get it!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd [to Malcolm]: Looks like you and Cynthia have some real chemistry. Malcolm: Would you shut up! Lloyd: No, see, it's a play on words. Malcolm: I said shut up!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cynthia's Dad [to Malcolm]: Why did you throw a brick through my daughter's window at 2:00 am?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cynthia [about Lois]: Well, at least she didn't strip us naked and take pictures. Malcolm (sigh): The night is young.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Reese, she's four years old. You're bigger and smarter... well, you're bigger than her.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Yeah, and that kid, Josh, told everyone I was born with both sex organs and raised as a girl until I was five.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Their gnome wants to eat me. It's evil. Lois: They're all evil, sweetie.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (to the camera) You know, why plan my future when it's just gonna be a wall of paint crashing down on me? I'm just gonna enjoy being a kid again.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Francis, I want you to count all the malt balls. (hands Francis a clipboard and a pen as he walks off) Francis: Should I start with the 40 in your belly? Craig: I heard that... and I'm paying for those.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Boys, I need to speak to your father alone. Reese: So? You have a bedroom, we're eating!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois [to Hal]: You doing this because what a 7-year-old said. Malcolm: It was horrible. He made Dad cry. Hal: The boy was cruel... but fair.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: There's got to be 500 gallons of paint up there. Hal: There isn't... yeah, that's about right.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: This is good meat loaf. New recipe? Lois: Nope. Same as it's always been. Hal: Ah, come on. Lois: Oh, you know what, I ran out of tomato sauce and used ketchup instead.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Look out! Paint-a-lanche!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Any questions? Francis: Which household product will kill me the fastest? Craig: We're going to start you off with the cotton balls.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: If the future's gonna be half as bad as Grandpa and I suspect, the only survivors are gonna be mutants, coackroaches, and me. All living underwater.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: We need a fridge. We can't store the meat on the porch forever.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (On the phone with Francis) Grandma and Grandpa are here. Francis: Oh, you're kidding! So did they knock, or did you just hear their cloven hooves clatter up the driveway?!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: (to Dewey) That's it, fatten up on pizza. Good luck running when they come with the dogs and chase you into the hills!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: What are you going to do when they come after you and throw you in the back of the truck? Are you going to read to them? Are you going to impress them with your giant know-it-all brain?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, knock yourself out. My record is clean. [Scene changes to the police officer arresting Lois.] Lois: There is no way I have 16 unpaid parking tickets! The computer's wrong! You are not getting away with this!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Anything you break comes out of your allowance! Reese: We don't get an allowance! Lois: Well, now you know why!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (sees the tape): Oh, my God! I can't believe it. Mom's... wrong.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Remember when I took that comedy traffic school? God, that was hilarious. A rabbi, a priest, and a minister come to a four-way stop...
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Someone's got to gi... Reese: Not it! Malcolm: Well, then, someone can mail it to her any... Reese: Not it! Malcolm: Well, someone's got to be the person to... Reese: Not it! Malcolm: ... not give it to her! Reese: I'm it! Malcolm: HAHA! ... Oh
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: The tape is wrong. (gets up and leaves) Malcolm: Dad? Hal: You heard your mother. The tape... is... OH! (gets up towards Lois)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Dewey walks up to the police car) Lois: Dewey, it's going to okay. Mommy is... Dewey: Can you turn on the siren? Cop: Sure. (turns it on) Dewey: Yeah! [imitates siren]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (to the boys after they got pulled over): No one make piggy noises, no one say they smell bacon, and no one claim that they're kidnapped.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal [to Craig about the security tape]: You will never mention a word of this to Lois. Craig: But... Hal: Uh Uh. Not one single word. Dewey (comes up close): Got it?
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hal [to Lois]: I got to admit, it was sexy. Me having to bail you out of jail. (Lois looks at Hal) Well, it was sexy for me. Lois: Oh, yeah, Hal. That was a real turn on.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Make a run for it, mom. We can be on the News. Lois:[ignores Reese and pulls over] All right, no one makes piggy sounds! No one claims they smell bacon! And no one claims they've been kidnapped!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Dewey, don't be frightened, but there's a spider next to you. Dewey: Yeah, Dad. There's always a spider on Bacon Day.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Why do I have to stay in the kids' ward? Lois: I'm sorry, honey, but you're six months too young to have an adult room. Reese: I hear if you're really good, they'll put apple juice in your sippy cup.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Reese, give your brother a hug. Reese: Aw, mom? Lois: Do it! Reese: (gives Malcolm a hug) If you tell anyone I hugged you, I'm putting you back in here.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Dewey, you're wearing my shirt. Dewey: Am I?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cadet Finley: I can't take this anymore. If I don't eat, I'm gonna pass out! Cadet Drew: Yeah. Cadet Finley: Who are you? Cadet Drew: I'm your roomate.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: The strike has been settled! (the cadets cheer) We got his magic hat! Eric: What about the TV? Francis: Huh?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey [while playing a board game]: Hey, we look like the family on the box. (the family agrees) Can I be the little girl? Hal: Not on my watch, son.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal [to Malcolm]: Whatcha' doing there, son? Malcolm: I have to prove Kepler's Third Law of Motion. Hal: What's Dewey doing? Malcolm: Coloring. Hal: I better get in there.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eric: (seeing Francis' notes, which is a little sheet of paper) That's your half? (picks up a book) THIS IS MY HALF!!!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Eric [to Francis]: YOU COPIED A PAGE FROM THE DICTIONARY!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: We can hurt him... we can be parents again!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Dewey fakes crying to Lois as she walks towards his room carrying a laundry basket.]' Lois: Not Buying It.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: So, according to your logic, a two-foot fall from a mini-bike is more dangerous than a six-foot fall from a galloping horse? Lois: That was a long time ago. Malcolm: Before... gravity?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: (leaving) Jellybean and I are leaving now. Once again, I'm very sorry. I can't even look you people in the eye. [Once gone, Lois decides to call it even knowing her sons' plans got Craig out of the house.]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Happy thoughts, happy thoughts, puppies, ice cream, fat people falling over.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: When your TV privileges are taken away, you have to do something for entertainment. This is totally a trade-up.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois:[after realising that Malcolm and Reese lied to them] Hal, get my bra!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese Something about people being miserable and suffering brings out the best in me. Thanks for noticing.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Ha ha. Stupid bug. [Reese touches the bug zapper] Reese: OW! OW! YOU STUPID... [Punches the bug zapper] OW!!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: You're a liar, you're a liar, you're a liar!"
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	'[A police officer brings young Francis home and informs Lois that he had caught him taking a joyride on a steamroller] Lois: Thanks, Officer. [turns angrily to Francis] What were you thinking?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: That it went faster.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: GO TO YOUR ROOM!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: I loved the way you sent the boys to their room...
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Boys! Go to your room!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Krelboynes are discussing their new teacher] Stevie: What...a jerk! Lloyd: Is that what we're going to turn out like? If I ever start acting like that, you have to promise to kill me! Dabney: No! No more death pacts!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You're not going anywhere. You're going to stay in your room with the door shut. Now Go! [Malcolm, Reese and Dewey runs back into their room.]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: If it weren't for me, my family would be naked, in trees and eating berries. Do they appreciate what I do for them? Nooooooo!!! Karen: Lillian Miller's family just surprised her with a trip to Spain. [The women are more upset]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: I expect perfect behavior out of you boys tonight. Trust me, if you try anything, anything at all, I'll be on you like a rainbow on an oil slick.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (Narrates) I can't wait until i'm 16 to get a Girlfriend (Then he sees Dewey playing on the bouncing castle) But I can go back
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: I'm sorry, Malcolm but no Girlfriend until you're 16 and that's final Malcolm: Ok, fine. I'm totally over her, I can handle myself and I don't need to waste my time on this stupid family! Lois: (She becomes worried) On second thought, maybe you should avoid the girl
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (Sighs) Ok, Malcolm. I've been thinking about it and I'm gonna give you a 'Free Pass'. Every time any of you boys do something important that your father should not see you doing, I give each of you 1 free pass per month
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: We're not getting a saddle. This was just a mistake from the beginning.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Ok,. Old people. [Malcom shakes his head to Reese disapprovingly.] Reese:[to malcolm] What could be bad about old people? [Malcolm explains to him in his ear about how cranky old people are] Reese: Poor people. We want poor people
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: It's God he found us. Hal: It's not God Dewey It's just my crappy car.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Okay. Lavernia: What did I say about backtalk?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You've been stealing money from the church. Reese:[opening the closet door to reveal other stuff the same time Malcolm unveils what hidden under the blanket] And maybe some merchandise
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Upon realising the boys also stole an air tank.] Hal: You stole Air?! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU BOYS?! Do you ever stop and think about the consequences of anything you do. Do you realise the shame you could bring upon our entire family. Do you?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Hey, I don't want to scare anyone. But this is the street mom takes home and she gets off in 10 Minutes!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (Angered) How many times have we told you not to Track mud into this House?! Malcolm Well, clean it up. Lois That's not good enough, y-you're grounded for a week! Reese What?! Malcolm You can't do that! Those are just footprints! Lois You wanna be grounded for 2 weeks?!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Malcolm and Reese were shocked) Malcolm Dad!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hoping for Hal to do something) Hal You heard your Mother! Reese This is rediculous! You're being totally unfair! Just because Malcolm tracked mud on the floor doesn't mean we should be grounded! Lois G-Go to your room!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (He lies down) If you can't do the time, don't do the crime. See you Monday
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Why do't you just unhinge your jaw and finish me off?! Ida: After Magnum P.I.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[In one of the flashbacks, a Christmas tree is on flames and the smoke alarm goes off. Hal and Lois are seen running in front of it.] Lois: Who did this? Who did this?! Hal: Drop and roll, honey. Lois: Who did This?! Hal: For God's sake, drop and roll!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal is confronting Lois for cancelling Christmas] Lois: I'm not cancelling it. I'm just taking it hostage.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida:[searching for the musical Christmas Card Francis hid.] I'll cut off his hands and stick them to his katushnick.
tv-malcolm	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Barton: Wow, an entire colony of Cryphonectria parasitica. Richie: Hey, get your own pizza, Dewey.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dabney: Don't stick up for her, Malcolm. If I wanted this kind of abuse, I'd have a conversation with my Oboe Teacher!
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Look at us; we work like dogs all day, we drink, and then we work like hung-over dogs! Is this really how you pictured your life? Eric: Ever since I was little.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: What is wrong with you?! You see a symbol of a world beyond scraping grease, and your first thought is "Let's profane it in our cabin?!"
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: So this is what a $24.00 hamburger looks like. I thought it was be as big as my head. Dewey: Why don't we have a jacuzzi tub at home? Malcolm: Because that would make us "happy."
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Congratulations. You outlasted his paper route. Piama: Lady, you don't want to stick your hand in my face.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Piama: Just because I'm not all classy like you.... Lois: Classy? You think I'm classy? Piama: Don't laugh at me. Lois: I'm sorry, it's just....this is a first.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: You have to stop this?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: Dewey just became Pope.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: And I weigh 500 pounds. Thats it I'm just going to have to kill them. Go to counter, get knife, kill them. No! Don't make yourself a sandwich! Kill! Kill! No, not yourself! Don't kill. Don't kill.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Craig witnesses Dewey holding Malcolm and Reese at dogpoint, and Dewey locks him in the house] Dewey: I am sorry you had to see this.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Oh Come on, that guy is the biggest faker in the world. Last time he was out with the flu, we saw him jumping up and down on the windows of the Today Show. Craig:[Sick] That doesn't mean I wasn't sick. You didn't happen to tape that, did ya. I set my timer wrong.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Can I have a piece of candy? Psychiatrist: No.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd: Abandon all hope, ye who enter here... Goth Leader: Is that from a Ministry album? Lloyd: It's from Dante's Inferno. It's engraved on the Gates of Hell. Goth Leader: Whoa! That's wayyyyy dark.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Minutes later, cops show up as the neighbors watch Lois scale the tree trying to catch Reese] Reese: Officer in need of assistance! Repeat, officer in need of assistance!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Walkie-talkie: Hey, are the two boys still stuck in the tiger pit? [Panic washes over the crowd] Zookeeper: Uh, no, I must be picking up a transmission the zoo down the street! Hal: Malcolm and Reese? Lois: Malcolm and Dewey. Reese wouldn't last thirty seconds.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Murray has invited Francis to scam Otto's money for what's it worth] Francis: I think you're fired. (grabs a horse harness) Now I have to figure out if this is for me or the horse?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: [to Malcolm] STOP! I won't let you do this! I would rather die than be left alone with Mom!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Hi Claire...... It's my sister I'm going to hang up on her.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: My bad!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stevie: What you get... for problem 17. Malcolm: I drew a tank. Stevie: What's wrong with you? For two days you been acting like an idiot. Malcolm: No for two days, I've been like someone who's been happy and relaxed. Stevie: You're... turning... into Reese.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Malcolm goes after Reese out of vengeance for stealing his money.] Stevie: "They'll try you....as an adult!"
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Flashback at the end Reese has a blueberry on his plate.] Reese: Don't eat that blueberry, I'm saving it! [Malcolm eats the blueberry.] Malcolm:[last lime] What's the worst that could happen?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal has finally pulled his car over to let Craig out of his car. He has gathered up his stuff.] Craig: You are going to have to learn to get along without Craig Feldspar.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal comes into bed with Lois] Lois: How did comic book shopping go? Hal: Bad, I'm just out of my depth. Look, I know it wouldn't come to this, but you know what we must do! Lois:[knowing what it means] No, we promised ourselves we wouldn't. Hal: What other choice do we have?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: He's my evil twin? Reese: Fat chance. The guy's a saint. You're his evil twin. Dewey: But I don't want to be an evil twin! Reese: I don't make the rules, Dewey.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Hey, Mom! I grew an inch!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: (points to the TV screen) Dewey, do you see that? That's air. That's air! Dewey: That's it! I'm gonna read a book! I hope you're happy!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Craig): Look who I'm talking to. You're a single, 40-year-old man with a cat. I bet you know all about the current music scene.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alison [to Reese]: You're the one who had his license taken away! Reese: Because my public defender wouldn't even try the insanity defense.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Craig! Craig! You just passed the concert. Craig: Oh, no, I don't think so. Alison: But there was a sign with an arrow and we're supposed to follow the pointy end!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach: How could we be losing against a team that hasn't won a game in three years?! Malcolm (to himself): Maybe it's because you're a complete moron! You know I can shoot! Why won't you put me in?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Why don't we just kill the old hag? Lois: Oh, stop it right now! And no one tells the boys about any of this. Hal: You mean about killing her? Lois: No, about the lawsuit.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Lois and Hal just discovered she's pregnant.] Hal: Are you as turned on as I am?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Girls, don't do this. You're supposed to be easy. Mallory: No, Mom. You're easy. Daisy: We can fool you about anything. We're girls, we know how you think and we're not above using it.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Daisy and Renee encourages Mallory to open up about the pen.] Mallory: This boy dropped it in Biology Class. He chewed on it a little. Renee: Oh, I am so sorry. I should've known that. I hate being Dumb! If I didn't grow such great hair, my head would be useless.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Why don't you just die? Malcolm: Give me, my pen. I'm warning you. Reese: Ooh, I'm scared. What are you going to do. What's the Baby gonna do? [Malcolm decks Reese and watches him fall to the floor.] Hal: [astounded] Malcolm, you can take Reese?!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reese enters the house, talking loudly to disguise the fact he's being chased by the cops] Lois: [resigned] I'll make coffee. Hal: It's Hanson; make it decaff. [waves to the cops]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Why do I have to be here? Why can't I go snowboarding with Reese? Hal: Reese isn't snowboarding, that's just a lie mommy and daddy told you. Reese is in jail. Dewey:[perks up] For how long? Hal: A couple of hours.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A tall and muscular inmate shows up in chains.] Warden: This is Samuel. I would tell you what he's in for, but it's against the law for me to say it to minors.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's so weird at my house. Nobody ever answers the phone and my brothers are seeing who can go the longest without changing their underwear. I never thought I'd miss my mom. (pauses) I still don't, but I'm getting there.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Malcolm can take care of himself. Craig: You're right. He's a genius ... which would make him attractive to rogue elements in our secret weapons programs. How long before some government scientist picks him up and surgically attaches him to some animal?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: From now on, we are at 0 Tolarence now! Do you hear me, 0 Tolarence! You Boys have got to learn to behave!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: What do we need a babysitter for? Hal: Because I want the house to be where I left it.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I want a sundae and then some pizza, and then another pizza and another pizza sundae.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Don't step on the floor! Jessica said if I scrub the floor, she'd tell me how far Alison is willing to go with me.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Dewey, what are you eating? Dewey: Carrot sticks. Jessica says we have to eat healthier. I don't know what company makes this, but I hate it.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dabney: I know you think I'm a mama's boy. Malcolm: No, mama's boys are laughing at you... with their mothers.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (mocking Lois) Don't forget to sweep the leaves from my roof because I'm a mean old lady. Who cares if it's wet and slippery, the roof has to be clean because I'm stupid.
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: [after being pulled over. He gets on the ground] I'm cooperating! I never met this man before! I hated the constitution! I hate free speech! I'll snitch! I know nothing!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Look, Reese. Some people are born book-smart. Others are born crafty and street-smart. You, I'm afraid, are neither.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lloyd (to Herkabe): Sir, my mom said I am suppose to take a 2-hour nap on the bus or I'll get cranky.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (to Dewey): Now say I love you! Dewey: I love you. Hal: Now say it with feeling! Dewey: (with feeling) I love you. Hal: Now say it without me telling you to!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to Herkabe): Do you want me to cheat? Herkabe: Let's just call it "success advantaging."
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: What makes you think I am going to die first? Hal: Honey, you have that kind of personality. You operate at a very high level of stress. [Flashbacks show Lois blowing up.]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Ow! The baby just started kicking like crazy. It's almost like something was upsetting...[looks up and sees Ida at the window] Mom! Ida: Are you gonna open the door?! Or should I lie down on the grass and feed the worms?! Francis: Oh, great. Who opened the Gates of Hell?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Paramedic: I told you we shouldn't have stopped for coffee.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: [singing to the tune of "Amazing Grace"] Amazing race, how sweet the taste That saved a wrench for me. I once was in the lost and found, Was blind, but found my keys.
tv-malcolm	society	dark	general	0	Hal: Communities seek out a common enemy. If it wasn't us, they'd all team up against someone else. Probably a minority.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (while explaining the school magazine's editorial policy: Nothing gets rejected. It doesn't matter how self-involved or boring or childish or stupid or painful it is. If it can be stapled, it's in.
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (to Malcolm): The principal of your school called. He said you filed a lawsuit so you could destroy the school. Malcolm: That's a total lie. All I want to do is publish a magazine full of dirty words.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (to Lois): You can make me flirt with this beautiful woman, but you can't make me like it. Lois: I can make you do anything I want.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Who has the mustard? Dewey: I don't know. Maybe Reese stole it like he steals everything. Reese: Well maybe the mustard likes me better. Maybe the mustard and I have more fun.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Who would've thought that sticking a metal spike through your tongue would hurt so much?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois (to Ida): You're moving to China? Ida: I know. Chickens in the street, children in the sweatshops, everyone smokes. It's a dream come true.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: If he still has his teeth and is good in bed, why wait? (Malcolm gets disgusted) Oh, I forgot, this one doesn't like girls. Malcolm: Grandma, I'm not gay. Ida: That's right, I'm just a liar.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman (to Ida): I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't allow smoking in the hotel. Ida: Back off, you cow! This is my special day.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (after kicking the fence to the junkyard and the dogs attack) Okay, it's obvious they hate shoes, write that down.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Hey, Lois, you're signing in for the softball? Lois: I don't need to sign up, Craig. I'm coaching the team this year. Craig: You are? Lois: Yes, Stu was going to do it, but his wife was born again and ruined his Sundays.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: There is a certain pleasure secretly controlling someone dumber than you.
tv-malcolm	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Hello, 24-hour party people!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Susan: I brought gifts for the other boys, too. Reese: Yes! Sitting here looking interested finally pays off!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Susan, you can't give them a car. Malcolm: Mom, technically this is a transaction between Aunt Susan and us. Reese: And I'm willing to hire a lawyer to enforce it. You want to go there, I'll go there.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: This is torture. The car's just sitting there and no one can drive it. Reese: Yeah, it's like that hot nun who comes around every year for the toy drive.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Fine Mexican Food goes in the Trash.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm's Dated Dad: Do You believe in life after love?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: No I am not Cher.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Get out of our neighborhood. we hate your guts.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: We are never ever eating Luigi's Pizza again!
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: It's the owner of Luigi's Pizza called to apologize get your jackets.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: (in an upset tone) NOOOOO... COMPLAIN... YEEELLLLLL... USSSSSSS!!!!!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: What am I going to do with you, Reese?! I don't want to say this is a new low, because every time I do, you take it as a personal challenge!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Oh, boy. In this family, that's what we call "the closer." We now know that Reese is definitely not living here for the next few days. The only question left is who gets to take the credit.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Alright. Reese... (The scene changes) Hal: (in an upset tone) That... (speaks gibberish)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: What's wrong with Dad? Lois: Your father found out what Reese did. Malcolm: What did he do? Lois: Your brother... (The scene changes) Malcolm: Oh, my God! Did they have to evacuate?!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: (while on the phone with Lois) Hi, I just got off the phone with your son, Reese. It's been over a week and you still haven't talked to him. Congratulations! The fraction of the family is now 2/5ths complete!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: The minute a child is inconvient to you, you kick him out! Lois: Francis, this is none of your business. You don't live here anymore! Francis: Because you kicked me out!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: Who's apartment is this? Reese: It's mine. Francis: Reese, you can't live in a place like this! Reese: Yeah, I can.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: (sees Reese's apartment) Whoa! This place is awesome! Dewey: One thing's for sure, I'd never ever leave this place.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Reese [introduces his neighbors]: Francis, this is Teddy, Lou, and George. (points to each of them) Divorced, separated, wife's doing the best friend. George: Ex-best friend. (sobs) Excuse me. (leaves)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Lucille Armstrong [to Hal & Lois]: I've been in therapy for a long time. There's nothing that can shock me. Lois: (thinks for a moment) Alright. Last week, Reese... (The scene changes) Dr. Lucille Armstrong: Oh, my God! What were the cats for? Hal: We don't know.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Stevie makes his first prank phone call] Stevie [faking a British accent]: Hello?... Is your... refrigerator... [normal voice] Yeah, it's me... [hangs up]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I gave him some food coloring and told him they were chemicals. Reese: Guys! I made an incredible discovery! When you mix together blue and yellow, you get an entirely new color! [Holds up a test tube full of green liquid] I shall call it...blellow!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Can he at least put some pants on? Cop: Not until we get a good perp walk out of him.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Lois has assaulted several U.S. Army personnel] Army Sergeant: Sir, if she comes within 500ft of my perimeter, I've been given the authority to engage!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Wow! You guys are huge! And shiny! Bodybuilder: Thanks mister, but we can always be huger and shinier!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: It's so sad about those kids. Someone should help them. Hal: (Inspired) You're right, Lois. Someone is gonna help those kids. Someone's gonna help the crap out of them!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Hal walking by the large pile of garbage on his lawn] Dewey: (muffled yelling) Dad! Hal: Dewey? Dewey: Daaaaaad! Hal: Dewey? Where are you? Dewey: I don't know! My garbage fort collapsed! Hal: Can you breathe? Dewey: Yes. But I don't want to!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: I'm supposed to do a 300-word report on how you're my personal hero. Hal: Me? You think I'm your... hero? Dewey: Dad, don't freak out. We had to pick one of our parents.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You're the ones that turned your mother into a ticking time bomb. You just thank your lucky stars that she went off on an innocent bystander.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: How much money do we have? Lois: Zero. Hal: No, I mean everything. Credit cards, loose change, everything? Lois: Oh. Minus $512. Hal: What?! Oh, for God's sakes!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: You coming, Malcolm? Malcolm: You sure? I might accidentally talk about myself. Dewey: You mean like just now?
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: I got fired from my job, and I'm totally broke. Hal: What? You got fired from the ranch? Francis: It turns out the ATM I was making all of Otto's deposits into wasn't an ATM. So sue me, right? Anyway, he's suing me.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Piama: You said this house was Satan's trash can! Francis: Oh, honey, you're quoting me out of context!
tv-malcolm	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's a good thing you weren't John Lennon's mother. Lois: If I were John Lennon's mother, he'd still be alive.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (about Jamie) He is absolutely the worst kid we've ever had. Hal: Oh, you say that with every kid. Let's face it, Lois, it's just the hand we were dealt. God doesn't like us. That doesn't make us bad people.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: (after Reese blew himself up with firecrackers) Should we get the hose? Malcolm: No, he would have wanted us to wait!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: [on Reese's latest scheme] Blackmailing a pervert to facilitate underage gambling? How could this not work out?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Craig, how could you lie to me after all I've done for you? I let you sleep on our floor when you thought your cat's ghost was trying to killing you. I settled that feud between you and the Girl Scout Troop. Craig: They started it. Lois: Shut up!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I don't want to live in a world where Reese is right.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Hal, get in this bed and go to sleep! Hal:[grabbing a pillow and blanket] Oh, I'll sleep. I'll sleeep where I'm wanted. [Goes over to the couch as Dewey continues to compose music.]
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Herkabe: Malcolm, one of the many perks from working in the field of public education is the constant opportunity to suddenly increase your workload. It's as big a morale booster as the constant chiseling of gum.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: We have to be home by 9:30. The babysitter said her halfway house goes into lockdown at 10:00.
tv-malcolm	food	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Mom, if you never made it to the store, then what are we eating? (Everybody pauses and looks at Lois) Lois: I don't know, something from the fridge.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Heaven's gonna suck!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois:[bringing Francis back when he tries to leave] Get back in here, we are not having this argument again. Ida: Let him go. It's the little one who owes me his life. Francis: See? Even she thinks so.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida:[grabbing a cigarette from her purse] Hah. Scare tactics those butchers tell you so you can get weak and they can send you more go-go pills.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois:[Facing Ida] And you. You are old, injured and need his help. All your yelling and viciousness doesn't equal physical strength. You can not bully a can of soup off the shelves. You can not scream it down. You need his help! Francis: Yeah, you old bat. Where's your gratitude?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Malcolm): Oh my god, I'm as unpopular as you!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: This, in no way, justifies what you said before.
tv-malcolm	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: [to the butterflies] This is fantastic! Look at all you guys! Wow, I've forgotten how many of you there were. Okay, that's a lot of fluttering. That's enough... Get off of me! GET THE HELL OFF OF ME! AAAAAAAH! AH! HELLLLLLP!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Dad, the toilet seat was up and Jamie's tongue is blue again. [Jamie points to a door.] Were you out there all night? Hal: Now just get me to the bathroom and let's see if we can save Daddy's toes.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: This is why orphans get all the hot girls.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: [slamming his head against a locker] At what age do you just accept that your life is a piece of rotten garbage and always will be?! Craig: 22.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: Malcolm, I think you're forgetting the graveyard shift motto: "Who cares?"
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wendy: (to Malcolm) Sucks that you have to work the night shift. Now you'll miss the party. Debbie's parents are out of town. Whoa! I've gotta run! Skinny dipping starts at midnight.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Norm: She just wants someone who's honest and straightforward. Malcolm: That's great! I'm totally honest and straightforward. Norm: Actually, you're more like blunt and aggressive.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ludwina: [about Lois] You going to introduce her to us, or make us wait around like a pack of pigs? Ida: Pack of pigs wouldn't leave their nail clippings on the floor for other people to step on.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[About Lois] Marika: Is this the fat daughter, or the one who drinks? Ida: This is the one with the halfwit factory between her legs!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, I'm finished. It's done. I almost gave up when I thought I burned the prunes, but I fell into this rhythm and just lost track of time. Next thing you know, it's done. It was a lot of work but you know something? It feels good.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: We were just goofing around. I can't believe she took it seriously. Hal: You're right, Dewey. Your mother actually believed her sons love her. What a moron!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: It's going to be great. That's why I blocked out the next three hours to work with Dewey. Dewey: Dad, I have homework! Hal: Oh, just buy it from the guy Reese buys his from.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Don't forget! End with "May God Bless America"! Lois: When do I say the stuff about world peace? Hal: No, no, no, we got rid of that. You don't want to come off like a liberal nutcase!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	People: [chanting] Burning man! Burning man! Burning man! Reese: No! I won't light it! I won't light it! [Reese throws the torch. It lands in a bucket of cleaning supplies in the RV and explodes.] People: [chanting] Burning van! Burning van! Burning van!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Malcolm and Reese are seen entering the house after Hal and Lois picked them up] Lois: Hitchiking?! Hitchiking on the highway like HOBOS!
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Dewey, we are civilized people. We make arbitrary boundaries that we defend to the death.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the porch roof collapses on Hal] Malcolm: Dad, are you okay? Hal: I can't feel anything below my left knee! Is my foot okay? Reese: Your foot looks fine... but I think the rest of you is facing the wrong way.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Reese has paralyzed his lower body in ice water to make a fight even. Stevie shows up with robotic legs.] Stevie: You're... mine! Reese: Aah!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Hey, you're right. The candy you steal off other kids really does taste better. Reese: I'm telling you, it's the fear.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I hate when they talk about your costumes. They know what we're here for. Just pay up, so we can go. Dewey: Hey, look at that! The old guy's still after us. Reese: You gotta admire it. I hope when I'm his age, I still have enough hate to do what he's doing.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Oh, another knife in the head! (kids look at him weird) Do think it would be funny if you had a real knife in your head?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Dewey, you know nothing about Asian culture. After I humiliate him, I earn respect plus half his land and his sister, if she's hot.
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Vicki (to Malcolm): I think it's really romantic. It's like Romeo & Juliet. Our love has to be hidden. Malcolm: I'm not hiding it. Vicki: I wish you would.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (about Reese) What are we going to do about him, Hal? He shows absolutely no interest in his future. Hal: I'm sorry, honey. I thought you had given up on him too.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The house lights go out.] Lois: [in the shower] Hal! Hal: I paid the bill! It's the whole neighborhood!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: You're here! Malcolm: Kind of. Hal: You lied to me! You're not drunk at all! Malcolm: You said that if I called and said I was drunk, I would not get in trouble! Hal: That only applies if you're actually drunk!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abby (to Lois): I'm Abby Tucker, it's nice to meet you. Lois: I'm Lois. This is Malcolm. Abby: Oh, right, Pea Pod. (to Reese) I see what you mean.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It's bad enough Reese is in the same class as me. What's worse is that Herkabe's turned him into his personal whipping-boy!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese:[In gym class, enjoying his payback on Herkabe] You call that a monkey dance. [Tosses more dodgeballs at him.]
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm (to Herkabe): I'll take your sick little deal so you can keep your pathetic, meaningless plaque. Herkabe: Thank you, Malcolm. I know that you think this compromise will taste like ashes in my mouth. But something I learned a long time ago... ashes don't taste that bad.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Some wavy-haired blond boy was chatting up Gina at the bike racks after school. Dewey: Don't you work? Hal: Never mind that. The point is, you should have been there! Dewey: It's probably Stefan. He's no threat. Hal: I saw him, Dewey. He's an Adonis!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: This is great. I never knew old people could be nice. I thought you were all wrinkled bags of skin babbling about how stuff used to cost less. Judith: No, some are like that, but there's a few of us who still have some life left.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: Reese, I've watched you grow all these years. You are the one hope for this family. I just pray you are ready to become a man. (slaps him) Reese: Ow! Hey, what was that for? Ida: You are ready.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Grandma, this is not only moronic, it's impossible. For one thing, there is no village full of boys for Reese to fight. Ida: No, we will have to make do. The closest thing we have to a boy is you.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: You will take Raduca for your bride. Reese: You mean, like, I marry her? Now? Ida: That is why I brought Raduca to this country. Malcolm: You brought her here six months ago. She's been working as your slave. Ida: I should get something for my troubles.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ida: (to Raduca) Be careful with those bags, you cow. Lois: Hi, Raduca. Raduca: Family, howdy. Ida: You're here to work, not gossip like a fishwife!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Another college recruiter? When I was applying, believe me, there were no recruiters. If I hadn't found that ad inside that matchbook, I may never have pursued higher education!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: (about Raduca) Did you see the way she talks to him? She's broken his spirit. Hal: He's not our Reese any more. Lois: I know. It's fantastic!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: This is so awesome. Mom and Dad just got back from the doctor's, and it turns out she has mono. She's been ordered to stay in bed for two weeks. After all those years of stepping on cracks, it finally paid off. I mean, it's no broken back, but I'll take it.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (to Dewey) Your attitude's been pretty lousy lately. I know you've been spitting in my sandwiches. I mean, I still eat them, but now the trust is gone.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Malcolm, quit hogging the covers. You're just like your father in bed.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Honey... I lost my dad. [starts crying and hugs Lois] Lois: There, there. [looks over Hal's shoulder and mouths "You are dead" to Malcolm]
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: It was weird going to Grandpa's funeral. We hardly even knew we had a grandpa, and now we don't. Reese is taking it really hard. Reese: (crying) Why?! Why?! Why couldn't he die before he lost all his money?!
tv-malcolm	love	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: They say money can't buy love, but they're wrong.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Mom's the kind of crazy where she always yells at us. But Dad's the kind of crazy where he buys us an Xbox 360.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: This is so awesome. Reese: Yeah, I don't know what alien worm burrowed into Dad's brain, but I'd like to shake its hand.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: You think Dad could really be doing this to buy our love? Dewey: I guess. Reese: I say we squeeze him for all he's got. Dewey: It's the least we could do for him.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Abe: (about Hal) How's he doing? Lois: Well, he seems to be doing fine, but he can't be. His father just died. He got more upset when his transmission gave out. Abe: Well, he did just have it rebuilt.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I get three meat toppings for the price of one! Dewey: No, no! Buy two pizzas, get one free! Reese: That's two free cheese pizzas! I'd rather eat vomit!
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Takei: Would it be all right if I came inside for a glass of water? Dewey: No, I'm not allowed to let anyone in. But you can wait outside and drink from the garden hose. George Takei: With pleasure.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Leonard Nimoy: (over the phone) I'd be very happy to help your friend. It's very sad when a man loses his father. I've been through loss myself. Lois: Oh, that's very kind of you, Mr. Nimoy. I'm his wife. Leonard Nimoy: So, will this be charged to your credit card?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Speaker (referring to Lois): We all have an "L" in our lives. My "L" was the Vietnam War. Thankfully, though, I don't have to visit my "L" on Christmas and holidays.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal (about Francis): We're useless. We're like his appendix. Now he's just going to open up his stomach, remove us, and put us in a jar up on a shelf, right there in the living room... or the den, or a mantlepiece, if he's got one.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Francis: And this is my mother. Crash: She's real?! Lois: Excuse me? Crash: It's... I thought... I don't know what I thought. I'm sorry. Excuse me. (runs off)
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Uh, Lois, let's not ruin Francis' special day. Lois: Why not? Apparently, I've ruined everything else! Hal: What's past is past. Lois: "What's past is past"?! So, you think this is all my fault, too?! Hal: Can we discuss this in the other room? Lois: There is no other room!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: (to Dewey) It's like you're killing my children!!!! (turns on blender mixing in junk for Dewey to drink) Dewey: Wait! Reese: Shut up, Dewey! That's not the end I want to be hearing from! (pours the junk in Dewey's mouth) Dewey: (chokes and gags from the junk Reese made)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: I don't know why we're doing this. I have a much faster way to do this. Malcolm: We're not cutting him open, Reese.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Tell me, did it feel good to cut through Elmo's neck?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: I've been a terrible mother. Reese: It's okay, Mom. I've known that for a long time.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: And I actually think that Reese is coming around a little bit. (Reese is heard crying in the distance) Well, I brought him soup yesterday, and he couldn't even make a sound.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: There's this stupid bike-a-thon at work. Some idiot made a big stink about how the store isn't doing enough for charity. Reese: Then don't do it. Lois: I have to. I'm the idiot.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Lois): No, lady! I don't want your drugs! (winks)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese (to Lois): You're in the middle of an alley trying to get on a bike. You are ashamed of something. I can always smell shame. It's kind of like rotten coconut.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Nothing exciting ever happens around here. (A bed mattress falls from the sky, landing on the ground) Dewey: Wow, we even have boring miracles.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey (about the mattress): Whoa, this is brand new! At least, what I think a mattress would look like new. It's got no lumps. Malcolm: (getting excited) No weird stains... Dewey: (getting excited, too) No springs sticking out of it... Malcolm & Dewey: (in unison) It's got tags.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Wait, you see that? Malcolm: What? Reese: It's a dead squirrel! Gentlemen, our week just built up! Dewey: Sorry, not interested. Malcolm: Sure, it looks good to you now. It's just gonna wind up in the closet like all the others. Pass. Reese: Your loss. See you, suckers.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Hal, you have an infection. You have to see a dentist. Hal: I made an appointment with Dr. Voorhees tomorrow. Lois: Isn't that the guy we took Dewey's hamster to?
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Listen to yourself. That's insane. This bed is evil. It's draining your soul, Malcolm.
tv-malcolm	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Maybe it was a dream. Dewey: You were happy, Malcolm. Of course it was a dream.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Wow, and I thought Reese was the one dragging us down. Dewey: Maybe we should see how he's doing with his squirrel. Malcolm: If I know Reese, all the good parts are gone by now.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: So, I'll see you tomorrow? Danielle: Right. Oh, there was one more thing. (kisses Malcolm) Nope, that wasn't it. See ya.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: What if we do everything on his "To Do" board and then let him out? Reese: That's brilliant. He couldn't be mad at us if we did all this for him. He's got stuff on here that he's been meaning to do for years. (reads note) "Change Dewey's diaper."
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Turns out, I'm naturally talented at science and dancing. Two things that are guaranteed to get me beat up.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Can we please just get my underwear and get out of here? Lois: Malcolm, you know it's hard to buy underwear for you. You have your father's irregular crotch. Hal: Nothing to be ashamed of, son. If a woman really loves you, it won't bother her a bit.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Clerk (to Malcolm): Can I help you find something? Malcolm: Yeah, do you have any cards that don't say "Get well"? Clerk: This is a hospital. Usually, we're rooting for the patient.
tv-malcolm	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Reese: Did you know how hard it was to get this job? Everywhere else I applied called my references. Thank God telemarketing has no standards. Basically, I get to harass old people and shut-ins all day. I'm getting paid to do what I love.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: Mom, did you remember to buy me the baking soda for my class project? Lois: I forgot. Dewey: What? I asked you, like, five times! Lois: That I remember.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Supervisor (to Reese): How's everything going over here? Reese: People are so stupid they'll believe anything. I threw the fact sheet out the window and just started making stuff up. Supervisor: Ah, no problem. I made up the fact sheet.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dewey: And you people wonder why I wake up screaming all the time?
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: Okay, so I lied and destroyed a man so I can go to a concert. I'll get him a t-shirt.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: For once in your life, Craig, be a man! Craig: (about Lois) I hate her! (runs off crying)
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: I am so happy. I'm sneaking out to a concert Friday night while Mom works the late shift. The band sucks, but I have backstage passes. And if that's even one billionth as insane as I've always imagined it, I could die happy.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: What kind of lesson is this stupid game teaching you? Where is the card that says hemorrhoids are not covered by your health plan?
tv-malcolm	society	tv-quote	general	0	Girl 1: A.J., you moron, the canned food drive was not a fascist conspiracy and neither is this! Girl: My God, the back biting, the name calling...this is just like French Club!
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lois: Well, here is poor, neglected Dewey having a great time at SeaWorld. Dewey (looking at photo): It's so blurry, I can't even tell that's me. Hal: Well, you can't prove it's not.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Malcolm: AJ, you can't be serious. AJ: Hey, it took guts for those girls to come down here and apologize. And I'd like to think I'm big enough to be able to admit I'd like to have sex with one of them.
tv-malcolm	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: Ah, my driver's license. We're getting closer. Lois: Look at that. He drew a mustache on you. Hal: No, I did that. I wanted to see how it looked.
tv-malcolm	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hal: That is a really nice camera. How could you afford... ? (remembering Dewey took his wallet and money) Right.
