Kyle?: Oh my God! Frosty killed Kenny! Stan?: Dude, I told you not to put that fuckin hat on Frosty's fuckin head, now, didn't I! Kyle?: Well I'm sorry, Mr. Rocket-fuckin-scientist! What are we supposed to do now?!
Kyle?: [after running from Frosty disguised as Santa Claus] Uh, you know something, I don't think that was the real Santa Claus. Stan?: Oh, no shit, Sherlock! You know, thanks to you, there's not going to be any Christmas, and there's no one left to help us!
Cartman: Yeah, Hanukkah sucks. Kyle: Don't you oppress me, fat boy! Cartman: Don't call me fat, buttfucker! Kyle: Then don't belittle my people, you fuckin fat ass! Cartman: Goddammit, don't call me fat, you buttfucking son of a bitch!
Kyle: We actually met, we actually spoke with, the Brian Boitano!
Chef: [gets out of his car] Hello there, children! Boys: Hey, Chef! Stan: What's gonna be for lunch today, Chef? Chef: Well, today, it's Salisbury steak with buttered noodles, and a choice of green-bean casserole or vegetable medley. Cartman: Kick ass.
Stan: Yeah, whatever, you fat bitch. Ms. Crabtree: WHAT DID YOU SAY?! Stan: I said, "I have a bad itch". Ms. Crabtree: Oh.
Kyle: Ready, Ike? Kick the baby! Ike: Don't kick the baby! Kyle: Kick the baby. [kicks Ike across the street, knocking over a row of mailboxes]
Kyle: Dude, I have to save Ike! I don't even know what to do! Stan: Well, we can't do anything now; that fat bitch won't let us! Ms. Crabtree: [shouts] WHAT DID YOU SAY?! Stan: I said, "Rabbits eat lettuce". Ms. Crabtree: Oh. Well, yes, they certainly do.
[after seeing a crop circle on the news that looks just like him] Cartman: Hey, that kind of looks like...Tom Selleck.
Cartman: Follow your dreams, you can reach your goals, I'm living proof. Beefcake! Beefcake!
Cartman: If dolphins are so smart, why do they get caught in those fishing nets all the time?
Tough Guy: Get some today, and say with me
Cartman: If dolphins are so smart, why do they live in igloos? Stan: Dolphins don't live in igloos! That's Eskimos! Cartman: Dolphins, Eskimos, who cares? It's all a bunch of tree-hugging hippie crap.
Stan: Dude, dolphins are intelligent and friendly. Cartman: Intelligent and friendly on rye bread with some mayonnaise!
Stan: That's impossible! Cartman wouldn't know a rainforest from a Pop-Tart! Cartman: Yeah, I do! Pop-Tarts are frosted!
Stan: My uncle Jimbo says that after this he's gonna take me hunting in Africa. Kyle: Wow. That'd be cool. Cartman: My mom says there's a lot of black people in Africa.
Stan: I don't want to shoot the bunny. Jimbo: No nephew of mine is gonna be a tree-hugger! Cartman: Yeah, hippie! Go back to Woodstock if you don't want to shoot anything!
Barbrady: Okay people, listen up. As we near the top of the mountain, the chances of our encountering some lava becomes great. Therefore, I have special ordered this training film to assist us in volcano safety. Mr Garrison, if you would, please?
[During football practice, with Stan as quarterback and Chef coaching] Stan: Hut, hut, hut, hut, hut, hut, hut, hut, hut, hut - Chef: HIKE THE DAMN BALL!!
Mrs. Crabtree: Wait! What's that thing?! [referring to the elephant] Kyle: Oh, this is the new retarded kid. Mrs. Crabtree: Oh. I'm sorry, little girl, but you still can't get on. You have to take the Special Ed bus.
Kyle: Stan, you can use family love as a weapon against Shelley. The next time she's gonna kick your ass, just tell her "Shelley, you're my sister and I love you." Kenny (muffled): And I want to see you handling your breasts. Stan: Sick, dude, she's my sister!
News broadcaster: It appears that the horrible, destructive creature is actually 8-year-old Stan Marsh of South Park. When asked why he was wreaking such havoc on his hometown, the little boy replied, "Me Stan, bachump, ba-chewy-chump, ba-chewy-chump." Back to you in the studio.
Randy: How does it feel to be 102, Paps? Grampa: Shoot me! Sharon: Make a wish, Grampa! Grampa: I wish I were dead! Randy (chuckles): That's our silly Grampa. Grampa: I'm not being silly: shoot me! I'd do it myself, but I'm too damn old!
Mrs. Cartman: Eric, I just got a call from your friend Kyle's mother. She said that this show is naughty and might make you a potty-mouth. Cartman: That's a load of crap. Kyle's mom is a dirty Jew!
Stan: Jesus, is it okay to kill somebody if they ask you to? Because they're in a lot of pain, you know, like assisted suicide? [pause] Jesus: My son, I wouldn't touch that with a sixty-foot pole. Stan: [hangs up] God damn it! Jesus: I heard that!
Announcer: We interrupt this program to bring you loud static.
Enya-style music: Take a look, take a look, take a look above the sky! Come and fly, take a ride-- Stan: This music is terrible! It's cheesy but lame, and eerily soothing at the same time! Grampa: Now you know what's it's like to be old!
[Coroner #2 puts Worcestershire sauce on a hot dog] Coroner #1: Marty, do you have to put that stuff on everything? Coroner #2: I don't know, it just--it just makes everything taste so English.
Kyle: Cartman, what kind of costume is that? Cartman: It's an Adolf Hitler costume. Sieg heil! Sieg heil!
Cartman: What are you supposed to be, Stan, Howdy Doody? Stan: No, I'm Raggedy Andy, Mr. Cartman. Cartman: Oh, heh, wow, you you look pretty cool. [he laughs along with Kyle] Kyle: Sissy. Stan: I'll kick your ass, Kyle! Cartman: Oh, look out! Holly Hobbie's all pissed off!
Cartman: Kenny's family is so poor that yesterday they had to put their cardboard box up for a second mortgage!
Cartman: I'm not the one walking around all day like Pippi Longstocking. Stan: Well, at least my mom isn't on the cover of Crack Whore magazine.
Officer Barbrady: You're probably wondering why we're standing here with a pile of money and no pants on. Chef: Actually-- Mayor: Well I can assure you that it has absolutely nothing to do with the Japanese Mafia. Officer Barbrady: Not a thingy-dingy.
Cartman: Go back to Endor, you stupid Wookiee! Kyle: Wookiees don't live on Endor.
Cartman: [daydreaming while watching a video, imagining himself to be Adolf Hitler] You gotta respect my authora-tah!
Chef: [talking to Cartman who's dressed like a KKKlansman] Remind me to whoop your ass good next time I see you.
Chef: [imitating Michael Jackson's Thriller video clip] I'm gonna make love, even when I'm dead. My body might get cold, but it's always hot in bed! Make love, don't you be afraid! Just because my heart ain't beating, doesn't mean you won't get laid!
Stan: If my mom could cook like Cartman's mom I'd be a big fatass too! Cartman: That's right! [Cartman realizes he's been insulted] Cartman: AY!
Mr. Garrison: And where are you from, Damien? Damien: The seventh layer of hell! Mr. Garrison: Oh, that's exciting, my mother was from Alabama.
Pip: Oh, good day, Damien. My name is Phillip, but everyone calls me Pip, because they hate me. Damien: Then I will call you Pip. Pip: Right-o.
Damien: Everybody hates me. Mr. Mackey: Well, uh, why do you suppose that is? Damien: Because I'm the son of the devil. Mr. Mackey: Uh-huh, that's a good start. Why else? Damien: Because I... burn and kill them?
[Cartman farts beside him.] Cartman: Oh! Excuse me, new kid. I didn't mean to fart on you, I didn't have a choice.
[Damien looks angry enough to burst a blood vessel, but he does nothing.] Stan: Phew! You stink, new kid. You smell like a fart. Kyle: Yeah, we're gonna call you fart-boy from now on.
[Damien walks away from them.] Stan: Bye bye, fart-boy! Kyle: See you! Pip: Good day, how are you, Damien? Damien: Those guys farted on me, and then called me... Pip: Fart-boy? Oh, good! Perhaps they won't call me that anymore.
[After Cartman yells and kicks everyone out.] Damien: Wow, that kid has some real emotional problems. Stan: Ah, he does this all the time.
Damien: (Sadly) Well, goodbye guys. It was nice getting to know you. Stan: You're leaving already? Damien: I have to. My Dad's always on the move.
[He walks away sadly.] Stan: Wow, I feel kinda bad for that kid. Kyle: Yeah, just when he was being accepted he has to leave and start over. Stan: Parents can be so cruel. Don't they realise what a child needs more than anything is security?
Cartman: Mr. Garrison, why do poor people smell like sour milk? Mr. Garrison: I don't know, Eric, they just do. [Kyle sniffs Kenny in disgust]
Stan: You know, I think I've learned something today. It's really easy not to think of images on TV as real people, but they are. That's why it's easy to ignore those commercials but people on TV are as real as you or I. Kyle: That means that MacGyver is a real person, too!
Wikimedia Commons has media related to: Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo Mr. Hankey: How-dy-ho!
Mr. Garrison: I'm going to do what I've always wanted to do: hang out and screw hot chicks!
Wendy: Stan, we're still Valentines, right? Stan: Sure, Wendy, whatever.
Wendy: I told her, Don't.... Fuck... with.... Wendy... Testaburger!!!!!!
Barbra Streisand: You know who I am? Officer Barbrady: Well you ain't Fiona Apple, and if you ain't Fiona Apple I don't give a rat's ass! Barbra Streisand: [screams in anger] Officer Barbrady: Whoa, what a bitch!
Stan: Wow, Robert Smith is the greatest person who ever lived! Jesus: Our savior!
Chief Running Water: I knew that she wanted me because she kept saying romantic things. Mrs. Cartman: "Oh Chief, I want your hot man-chowder." Chief Running Water: Whoah, Hell-o!
Cartman: More tea, Rumpertumskin? Rumpertumskin: Yes, please, Eric. You are tough and handsome. Cartman: Thank you, Rumpertumskin. And what do you think about me, Clyde Frog? Clyde Frog: I think you're a big fat piece of crap. Cartman: AY!
Chief Running Water: I hate to break this to you, but your mother is what we Native Americans call "bear with wiiiide canyon." Cartman: Huh? Chief Running Water: She is "doe who cannot keep legs together." Cartman: What? Chief Running Water: Your mom's a slut. Cartman: Hey!
Cartman: I was just hanging out in the SPC, kicking it with some homies on the Westsa-eed-eh. Kyle: Cartman, you live on the east side!
Announcer: Since the last South Park, you've waited four long weeks to find out who the father of Eric Cartman is. Now, finally, the shocking truth about Cartman's lineage... will not be seen tonight, so that we can bring you the following special presentation.
[Terrance farts] Phillip: Terrance, you farted in court! Terrance: Yes Phillip, I'm making a case for our defense!
Terrance: Scott really hates us, Phillip. Phillip: Yes, perhaps he's homophobic. Terrance: But we're not gay, Phillip. Phillip: We're not?
Scott: I hate you both and I wish you had cancer! Phillip: Cancer? Scott: Yes, in the head. Terrance: Head cancer? Scott: This is not the end, Terrance and Phillip! You'll rue this day!
Scott: What are you idiots doing? Terrance: We're searching for treasure! Scott: Is that some kind of metaphor for a kind of search that can't be described? Phillip: No, we're searching for treasure.
[Kenny appears out of nowhere] Stan: [blankly, as though Kenny hadn't appeared out of thin air] Oh, hey Kenny.
Kenny: Oh my God! They killed Mephisto! Kyle: You bastards!
Mayor: Officer Barbrady, let's pretend for one second that we had a competent law enforcement officer in this town. What would he do?
Nurse: When was the fetus conceived? Mrs. Cartman: Eight years ago. Nurse: So that would make the fetus-- Mrs. Cartman: Eight years old. Nurse: That places you in what we call the fortieth trimester.
Doctor: Team A will consist of myself, Eric, Stan, Kyle and Nurse Goodly. Team B will consist of Kenny.
Uncle Jimbo: We'll give it until another hour, then... we might have to eat again. Film Producer: What?! Christ, are you people diabetic or something?
Cartman: Wait a minute! [points at his mom/dad] If she's my dad, who's my mom? Narrator: Who is Eric Cartman's mother? Is it Ms. Crabtree, Sheila Broflovski, the Mayor? Cartman: ARGH, FORGET IT!
[Officer Barbrady, who is at the time illiterate, finds a note saying "another chicken gets it tomorrow." He is then asked what it says] Officer Barbarady: Oh, it says... "Sorry I had sex with the chicken! I won't do it again, bye-bye!" Well, there you have it, case closed.
Man in Passing Car: Hey Mackey, now we see what you and Homer Simpson have in common: "D'oh-pe" [laughs]
Mr. Mackey: I'm tired of your right-wing authoritative bullshit!
Dr. Schwartz: We're not going to cut it off! We're just going to snip it to make it bigger!
Woman: [after seeing Ike] Oh look honey, someone threw away a perfectly good trash can.
Cartman: The fireman is very magical. If you rub his helmet he spits in your eye.
Cartman: My mom says there are lots of black people in China.
Cartman: I love you guys. [Stan and Kyle stare at him] Ah, screw you guys..!
Nurse Gollum: Well, this may sound odd coming from a woman with a fetus sticking out of her head, but you're all a bunch of freaks.
Gerald Broflovski: Could you please pass the dead fetus--I mean gravy?
Chinese Announcer: It's number...aw, who cares. Arr Americans rook arike.
Cartman: [finished his cake] All gone. Ms. Crabtree: SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP! [students groan in pain] I SAID QUIET, OR ELSE I'LL KILL THE BUNNY!! [students notice and are immediately quiet]
[The snake breaks down Jimbo and Ned's cell wall] Jimbo: Holy crap, what the hell is that? Ned: It looks like my ex-wife!
Cartman: Independent films are those black-and-white hippie movies. They're always about gay cowboys eating pudding.
[from one of the independent films] Cowboy: Hey Tom, you got any pudding? Tom: You know I'm all out of pudding, silly. Cowboy: Well, what should we do now? Tom: Well, how about we explore our sexuality? [they start to make out]
Cartman: I've learned something too: selling out is sweet because when you sell out, you get to make a lot of money, and when you have money, you don't have to hang out with a bunch of poor ass losers like you guys. Screw you guys, I'm going home.
[Chef has just fed his concoction, Salty Chocolate Balls, to a severely ailing Mr. Hankey] Chef: My Salty Chocolate Balls must have rejuvenated him! Kyle: You've got the best balls in the whole world, Chef. Chef: You damn right.
Cartman: That's it, screw you guys, I'm going home. [pause] Kyle: Well? Cartman: I'm gonna, just give me a minute.
Cartman: Aw, Jesus, are you fucking kidding me? Stuart: Hey! We don't say fuck at the table, you little asshole! Cartman: [mumbling] Yeah, we apparently don't say side dishes either.
Cartman: Well, what a day this has been. I was on TV and I'm a hero. [Cartman's mother appears after picking his nose] Liane: Don't pick your nose, hon. Cartman: GODDAMMIT, MOM, I WASN'T PICKING IT! I HAD AN ITCH!!
Roy: Stan, you wanna help me cut some firewood? Stan: We cut firewood all day yesterday; we've got enough firewood for twelve years! Roy: [tormented] When will you let me in? When will you let me love you? [normal] Now get your ass down here and help me!
Stan: You suck, Cartman! If you want to play America vs. Bosnia anymore, you can just play with yourself! Cartman: That's fine! I like playing with myself! I'll play with myself all day long! [Kenny laughs] Cartman: What?
Chef: Two million dollars?! The only way I can raise that kind of money is by whorin' myself to every woman in town!
Kyle: Wow! Elton John's house is bigger than Cartman's ass! Cartman: No it isn't, you guys.
[repeated line] Record Exec: I am above the law!
Johnnie Cochran: Look at the monkey! Look at the silly monkey! [jury member's head explodes]
Kyle: Did you get the pumpkin, Kenny? Kenny: Uh-huh. [puts a squash on the table] Cartman: What the fuck is that? Kenny: It's all I could afford!
Evil Cartman: [singing] You guys are my best friends Through thick and thin, we've always been together Four of kind, having fun all day Pallin' around, and laughing away Just best friends, best friends are we! I love you, guys.
Cartman: [singing] You guys are hella-stupid, you guys are hella-lame, you guys are hella-dumb, hella, hella, hella! Kyle: Dammit!
George Bailey: You can't go around buying people off, Mr. Potter. Do you know what you are? You're a little bitch. That's right, you're a bitch and I bet you'd like to suck it, now wouldn't you?
Underpants Gnome: Phase one: collect underpants. Phase two: [silence] Phase three: profit!
Mr. Tweek: Mr. Postum, you have a lot to learn about making coffee. Mr. Postum: And you don't? Your coffee tastes like 3 day-old moldy diarrhea!
[Tweek is worried about his family becoming poor] Cartman: You can always go on welfare. Just look at Kenny's family, they're perfectly happy being poor and they're on welfare. Right, Kenny? Kenny: Fuck you! Cartman: Heh-heh, you suck, Kenny.
Gnome: Not much longer now.... Cartman: Oh? You're taking us to your little pussy house? Gnome: No pussy! I'm taking you to my village! Cartman: Oh? Your pussy village? Stan: Cartman will you just shut up and let him show us?
Stan: Good job, Cartman, you killed Kyle! Kenny: [muffled] You bastard! Cartman: Well, he shouldn't have called me fat! Stan: Why the hell not? It's just like calling the sky blue!
Cartman: [lodged in a cow's anus] Aw, it smells like Kenny's house in here!
Kyle: [about the frozen man they found] His name is Steve! Stan: His name is Gorak! Frozen Man: My name is Larry.
Stan: Ah! A snake! Kyle: No, dude, that's a branch. Stan: Oh. Ah! It's a snake! Kyle: No, dude, that's the same branch again.
Kelly: Lenny, if we make it out of this, I wanna be your girlfriend, even if we live on either side of the country, I don't care. [moves over to cuddle Kenny. Kelly attempts pick her nose, which proves difficult because she is tied up]
Stan: Ms. Stevens, you have a bug on your back. Ms. Stevens: Oh, could you swat it off? [turns around to reveal giant fly on her back] Stan: No...
Cartman (Whacking a Three Toed Sloth with a stick) Bad! That's a bad three toed sloth!
Kyle: I just want a nurection so I can give it to my mom. Pedestrian: What?
Stan: That's the fifth store we've been kicked out of. Why is it so hard to get an erection?
Kyle: So Jesus died and then three days later he had an erection.
Cartman: [on the cross] You guys are in big trouble, now get me down from nyah!
Stan: What are you doing, Dad? Randy: Stanley, I think it's best you live with Kyle from now on. His dad is better than me. Stan: No, he's not. He can't even get an erection! Randy: Heh heh heh! Really?
Mayor: Marsh, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you! Find the cause of spontaneous combustion or else! Randy: Or else what? Mayor: Exactly!
Priest Maxi: Now, let us pray. Lord, though we have lost Neil Smith to free agency and Steve Atwater to the Jets, still, we hope our beloved Broncos can bring home another Super Bowl championship, and once again bathe in the glory of your light. Amen.
Priest Maxi: Good. Boys, how would you like to perform the Stations of the Cross this Friday night? Stan: The what? Priest Maxi: It's like a skit, where you re-enact the death and glorious resurrection of Jesus Christ. Kyle: Hey, res-erection! That's what my dad needs!
Stan: Well, we're gonna go work on getting Kyle's dad an erection. [the boys go up the stairs] Randy: [resumes] Yes, yes, of course. I've got work to do. [the door closes] What?
[Randy's dream] [The Most Popular Man In South Park. Hands move him over the crowd] Crowd: Randy! Randy! Randy! Randy! Man: We love you, Randy. Woman: Make love to me, Randy. Please!
Chef: I got something to tell you. Cartman What? Chef: You're not gonna like it. Cartman: What? Chef: It's really gonna piss you off. Cartman: What? Chef: Okay. This is a dream. You still on that cross! Cartman: [wakes up] Goddammit!
Priest Maxi: Blessed be the name of Jesus! Crowd: It's a great name, isn't it?
Cartman: [to Stan and Kyle] When I get down from here, I'm gonna kick you both right in the nuts!
[after Randy tells the crowd how to save themselves] Crowd: Randy! Randy! Randy! Randy! Man: We love you, Randy. Old Woman: [in a wheelchair] Make love to me, Randy. Please!
Cartman: Officer Barbrady! [Officer Barbrady looks at Cartman, who is crucified] Officer Barbrady: Ooh, a T... T..is for turtle. [walks away]
Mr. Derp: Aren't I a great character? My antics go right to the funny bone!
Mr. Garrison: And never let poontang come between you and your friend! Chef: Damn right, Garrison!
Stan: Excuse me, we're looking for Chef. Woman at front desk: Chef? Kyle: He's a big guy with a beard. Stan: And a chef's hat. Kenny: And a real huge dick. Woman at front desk: Oh, the black guy. Stan: huh?
Priest Maxi: Do you, Chef, take this woman as your lawful-wedded wife, to have and to- Chef: I do! Chef's Mother: Aaah, my baby's getting married! Priest Maxi: And do you, Veronica, take Chef to be your daddy?
Mr. Adler: Don't screw around in Shop Class!
[After writing a suicide note, Mr. Adler lies on a conveyor belt and it takes him feet-first to a buzz-saw, which he hopes will kill him] Mr. Adler: Jesus Christ! [sits up and repositions himself to go head-first] What was I thinking? That would've hurt like hell!
Mayor: You're supposed to lose, you idiot! Officer Barbrady: Where am I? [From this point on the male Jakovasaur is known as Jakov] Jakov: Whoo, Niners! Go, Niners! Randy Marsh: Uh we're rooting for the Broncos here, Jakov. Jakov: [pause] Whooooo, Niners!
Mr. Garrison: Now, wait a minute. I wanna clear the air here. We all know that pigeon was a whore. Raise your hand if you didn't sleep with that pigeon? [everybody around him raises his or her hand] Oh, whatever!
Stan: Oh, no, there's nothing worse than Cartman with authoritah!
[The boys are camping by the pond] Cartman: Hey guys, check out this song I made up, it's called "I hate you guys." [singing] I hate you guys! You guys are assholes! Especially Kenny! I hate him the most!
Mr. Garrison: Now kids we're going to talk about sexual harassment
Cartman: Is sexual harassment when you're making out with a girl and a guy tickles your balls from behind?
Mr. Garrison: No cartman, That's not sexual harassment
Sexual Harrassment Panda: When one Panda puts his furry little willy in another Panda's ear, that makes me a saaaaaaaaad Panda.
Sexual Harrassment Panda: How would you like a big Panda punch in your puss?
Another misfit mascot: Hello kids, I'm Hoppy the 'don't do stuff that might irritate your inner ear' badger.
Shelley: They're having a cat orgy!
Cartman: They mostly come out at night...mostly.
Pip: Can I be Jaclyn Smith? Can I? Butters: No, uh, I get to be Jaclyn Smith. See, I thought of Charlie's Angels and I get to be Jaclyn Smith c-cause I thought of it.
Gerald: Just because we shared an intimate moment in the hot tub, I'm not going to let it-- Randy: We did not share an intimate moment, okay? That makes it sound gay!
Mr. Garrison: Great party, Mr. Mackey. Mr. Hat just grabbed Principal Victoria's ass.
Butters: Oh dear God, they're gonna set us on fire. Oh great Jesus son of Mary, wife of Joseph! What are we gonna do, huh? Oh sweet Joseph, husband of Mary but not father of sweet Jesus.
Jimbo: We're all a little gay.
ATF Agent: We're not gonna let them commit suicide, even if we have to kill them.
Moses: I desire...macaroni pictures.
Kyle: He [Kenny] doesn't get cake? Moses: No cake for the impurity!
Moses: And let us glue paper plates together with beans inside so when you shake them they make rattling noises. Rabbi: Paper plate bean shakers, of course! Moses: And let us put patterns of glue on the outside and glitter so they look all nice and sparkly.
Stan: This is great! Cartman: Yeah, but where's that crappy song coming from? Could you turn that off? [Marvin turns off theme music] Stan: Yeah, that's better.
Missionary: An alien race? Have they heard the word of Christ? Cartman: No, never! It's perfect!
Cartman: Isn't the name of your planet already Marklar? Chief-Marklar: We on Marklar call all things, people and places Marklar. Kyle: Isn't that totally confusing? Chief-Marklar: No, not at all. Hey! Marklar! A Marklar in the crowd: Yes? Chief-Marklar: See!
Sign on seized spaceship: PROPERTY OF U.S. GOVT. THANK YOU
Radio Announcer: How do you feel about the KOZY-FM Halloween Haunt, little boy? Stan: This one time, like eight months ago, I saw two guys kissing in a park. And that was the gayest thing I'd ever seen, until I saw the KOZY-FM Halloween Haunt.
Cartman: We could shove a stick up her ass and use her like a puppet: "Rowr, rowr, I'm Scary Grandma!"
Cartman: [singing] Here's a little dreidel that's small and made of clay. But I'm not gonna play with it 'cause dreidel's friggin' gay.
Reporter: Some even crapped themselves to death while others ruined a pair of good pants!
Cartman: Hmm. Work for you, have my penis cut off. Work for you, have my penis cut off. Hmm, let's see.
Cartman: Do not wake up till morning, or I will kick you in the nuts. Oooh, in the nuts.
Kyle: All right, let's go. Timmy: Go! Timm-ay! [shoots off on his wheelchair, pulling Kenny's tooth (which isn't loose) hard] Kenny: [howls; he is pulled out of his parka] Aargh! Cartman: [laughs] Look, guys! I can see Kenny's little pingling!
Pip: Let's hear it for Cartman's big fat ass! [Cartman throws stone at Pip, who is struck and falls.] Cartman: Do British people count as an ethnicity for hate crimes? Others: Nah. Cartman: Sweet.
Stan: You know something, guys? I think we all took Cartman's ass for granted.
Mr. Garrison: Very good, Kyle. Now, who can tell me what famous person wrote the Declaration of Independence? Let's see. Oh, I know. How about the new student, Timmy? Timmy: Timmiihh! Mr. Garrison: No, it wasn't you, Timmy.
Kurt Loder: Phil Collins, by the way, divorced his wife via fax and then married a 27-year-old.
Stuart: Oh god I'm going to crap my pants!
Stuart: I'm not going to make it. I'm going to be sick. Oh my stomach!
Stan: Dude! I think these guys mean to have sexual encounters with us!
Mr Garrison: I do not have sex with boys. I like men my own age. Ah! I mean I like women. Ah! What did I just say? I like titties!
Stan and Kyle: Hello, Chef. Chef: My name isn't Chef anymore, children. I converted to Islam. Stan: Islam? Chef: From now on, my name is Abdul Mohammed Jabar Rauf Kareem Ali.
Mr. Garrison: Oh, I'm sorry, Chef, Mr. Hat is a racist son of a bitch. Mr. Hat: Don't apologize for me to that spearchucker!
Wendy: Bebe...I'm attracted to Cartman. Bebe: Aaaaaaahhh! Wendy: I know...
KKK: [chanting] White power! White power! Klan Leader: Well that's enough rallying for this afternoon, members! Let's take a hot shower. KKK: [chanting] Hot shower! Hot shower! Hot shower!
Jimbo: [whispering] All right, Ned, we gotta be careful. These are really evil men we're dealing with here... Ned: [loudly because of his voicebox] Okay... Jimbo: [whispering angrily] Dammit, Ned, doesn't that thing have a volume control? Ned: [loudly] No.
Klan Leader: Now, brothers, it is time for us all to come together and do our cake raffle! KKK: [conversing] Oooooh, Cake Raffle! Klan Leader: This week's winner is 2...9...7...4. Klan Member: I won! I won! I won the cake! Klan Leader: Good job, Brother.
Cartman: Thanks Wendy. Don't call us, we won't call you neither.
Cartman: You guys, I had a dream of how I can make ten million dollars. You ready? ...Boy band. Stan: Boy band? Cartman: Boy band. Kyle: I'm not joining any faggy boy band. Cartman: There's nothing faggy about ten million dollars, asshole!
Stan: [after Kenny is hit by a bus] Oh my God! They killed Kenny! Butters: He had sins that he didn't confess! Stan: He's doomed.
Cartman: It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation; this sort of penetration will increase the population of the younger generation.
Satan: No, it can't be! You're dead! I killed you! Saddam Hussein: Yeah, you killed me. So? Where was I gonna go, Detroit?
[Cartman preaching behind the school] Cartman: Many of you knew Kenny McCormick. He was a playful school-going 8-year-old. And then yesterday, he was smacked down by the Lord-ah! God bitch-slapped him right down to the fiery depths of hell-ah!
[Kenny has arrived in Mexico] Kenny: [muffled by his parka] Where am I? Mexican: Qué? Kenny: [muffled] Where am I?! Mexican: Qué?
Chris: Satan! Satan: Chris! [they run to embrace each other] Satan: But I thought Saddam killed you? Chris: Well, yeah, where was I going to go, Detroit?
God: [after hearing Satan's story] Jesus, what the hell happened to you? Satan: Huh? God: You got kicked out of here for being a headstrong rebel. And now you're a whiny little bitch.
Officer Barbrady: Now there's two of those things!
[Kyle has agreed to buy a turkey from a rancher] Kyle: How much? Rancher: Fifty bucks. Kyle: But you were just gonna take it out in the backyard and put a bullet in its head! Rancher: I know! Now I gotta find somethin' else to shoot.
Cartman: Speak to me, Helen. Let me be your voice. [nothing happens] Come on, you blind bitch! Channel your spirit through me!
[Cartman has agreed to be blindfolded and earmuffed to get an idea of Helen Keller's perspective; he sees various frightening images] Cartman: Oh, man! Maynard: What did you see? Cartman: Nothing, just the same old crap I always see when I close my eyes.
Mr. Mackey: Every year the fourth-graders do The Miracle Worker and every year I have to sit and watch it. Principal Victoria: Yeah, I swore that if I had to see it one more time I'd put a bullet in my head. But luckily I got really stoned before I came.
Pip: Joe, do you know anything about women? Joe: Sure! They're those things with vaginas in 'em!
Pocket: Oh, we'll have a gay old time! ...and by "gay", I mean "happy" not "penetration of the bum"!
Audience Member: Hey kid! I'll give you 20 bucks to eat a really old piece of bacon!
Counselor Rick: Hello, camper! My name is Rick. How are you doing? Cartman: Well, I'm pissed off, Rick! How are you?
Stan: [after the fake Kenny suffocates in Miss Crabtree's uterus] Oh my God! They killed Kenny! Sort of. Kyle: Yeah! They killed Kenny...'s look-alike. You bastards!
Cartman: Mom, tell them how everyone in your family was big-boned. Tell them how they were fat, but grew into their bodies when they got older. Liane Cartman: Oh, sweetie, those were all lies. You're just fat.
Kyle: Dude. I don't know if I'm going to like the new Eric Cartman. Stan: Did you like the old one? Kyle: Good point.
Kyle: What's "bad touch"? Cartman: Something 'bout a swimsuit, I don't remember, but you definitely answer "bad touch"!
Butters: Aww, I was just about to sacrifice myself to Mr. Elway.
Cartman: Jeez, you're a little irritable, Kyle. What's the matter, you got some sand in your vagina?
Cartman: Don't worry, Kyle's just got a little sand in his vagina. Kyle: There's no sand in my vagina!
Mr. Garrison: Hey there, shitty-shitty fag-fag, shitty-shitty fag-fag, how do you do?
Cartman: I said "shit" on television.
Stan: But they're gonna say "shit" and you're gonna miss it. Kyle: I don't really give a fuck.
Cartman: Cripple fight!
Cartman: [over PA] Attention, shoppers, outside today we have Cripple Fight. Cripple Fight, outside.
Jimmy: Sometimes it's like, "Please Timmy, learn a new word," huh, huh. [imitates Timmy] "Timmy!" Timmy: [angry] Aahhh! Jimmy: [continues impression] I'm living a lie, I'm living a lie, Timmy!
Randy Marsh: Kenny's dad and I were in Scouts for years. Stan: Was your dad in Scouts, Cartman? Oh yeah, you don't have a dad. [everyone laughs] Cartman: That's not funny! Jesus Christ!
Timmy: Timmah! Jimmy: Not this year!
Jimmy: Timmy? Timmy, I told you to put on the hat! [punches him in the stomach]
Jimmy: You dirty motherfucker!
Cartman: [to Stan and Kyle] Ahhh, that's so sweet, you guys! Hey you wanna get a room so you can make out for a while? [laughs. Kyle kicks him in the balls] Ow! [Stan kicks him in the balls] Aargh! [boys take turns kicking him] Stop it! Aaargh!
Stan: Kyle, I'm starting to think that this is a really bad idea. Butters: I'm not Kyle, I'm Butters. I thought you were Kyle. Stan No, I'm Stan. Kyle: You're Stan? Where's Kenny? Stan: Who are you? Kyle: I'm Kyle. Cartman: He-he, guess who I am, guys?
Kyle: I'm not going anywhere. Stan: Goddammit, I'm not going with you! I wanna stay here! Kyle: Huh? I thought you wanted to leave. Stan: Oh wait, who am I again? Kyle: You're Stan.
Thom Yorke: [in response to why the band should fly to Colorado] Didn't you hear the letter? This poor kid has cancer! In his ass!
Phillip: Say, Terrance, I'm getting worried aboot all these Russians making missiles. Maybe we should stop this "cold war." Terrance: Here's a missile for ya! [farts]
Cartman: Look, if you don't come and do this show, I'll make you eat your parents! Phillip: Yeah, whatever, kid. Stan: He'll do it, dude!
Stan: Look, you guys! That line isn't long! Kyle: Yeah, but we're not female groupies or random sluts! Cartman: Kenny's a random slut!
Kyle: [to God] Why? How could you do this? There are people starving in Alabama! And you give Cartman a million dollars?!
Cartman: If you see anyone on my propertah, especially Stan or Kyle, you are to shoot on sight!
Cartman: What about all the years I spent making Grandma like me? All the wet, spit-filled kisses I put up with? The constant smell of aspirin and pee? Don't tell me I didn't earn it, you son of a bitch.
Kyle: Then I was right. Job has all his children killed, and Michael Bay gets to keep making movies. There isn't a God.
Miss Choksondik: You think that sex is about fun and games and love? Wrong! Sex is about disease.
Chef: The right time to start having sex is 17. Sheila: So you mean 17 as long as you're in love? Chef: Nope, just 17. Gerald: But what if you're not ready at 17? Chef: 17, you're ready.
Ms. Choksondik: Are you wearing a condom? Mr. Mackey: Uh, no. Ms. Choksondik: Oh, well. Fuck it.
Mr. Mackey: Eric, what the hell are you doing? Cartman: I'm puttin' on a new condom. I filled the other one up. Mr. Mackey: Why are you wearing a condom? Cartman: So I don't get AIDS. Mr. Mackey: Eric, you can't get AIDS from just sitting around. You have to get it from sex.
Towelie: Don't forget to bring a towel... you wanna get high?
Cartman: Towelie, you are the worst character ever. Towelie: I know.
Towelie: If you go to a motel, be sure to bring your own towel.
Cartman: You just have no long-term memory because you get high all the time. Towelie: Don't preach to me, fatso! Cartman: I can preach to you all I want, 'cause you're stupid! Towelie: You're stupid! Cartman: Oh yeah, well you're a towel! Towelie: You're a towel!
Towelie: Oh man, I'm so high right now. I have no idea what's going on.
Towelie: That's my last J, asshole!
Stan: America may have some problems, but it's our home, our team. And if you don't wanna root for your team, then you should get the hell out of the stadium.
Cartman: I told you, jawas have no heart. Kyle: Jawas? Cartman: You know, sand people.
Stan's Afghan counterpart: [to the other counterparts] We're speaking in English; does that make sense?
CNN Newscaster: The world has backed down from its support of the U.S., saying they were only really just kidding.
Randy Marsh: Stanley, your mom's a little freaked out right now. Why don't you go outside and play with your big brown package from Afghanistan?
Randy Marsh: Sharon, don't you think maybe you should watch something else? You've been watching CNN for about [checks his watch] eight weeks now?
Photographer: Take off your hat, please? Kyle: But I never take off my hat. Photographer: Come on now, I bet your parents want a picture of you lookin' natural. Kyle: This is how I look natural.
Jimmy: Why did the...pigeon cross the road? Cartman: Okay, why? Jimmy: Because it was having sex with the chihi... Because it was having sex with the ch-hi-hi... Because it was having sex with the ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch... eh, it was having sex with the ch-ch-hiicken.
[Kyle's cousin = Kyle. Kyle Broflovski = Kyle 2]
Kyle 2: But what about Cartman?! He rips on ME for being Jewish! He's gonna tear this kid apart!
Kyle 2: [after seeing commercial for IT] That looks pretty gay.
Will Smith Jr: ...and these are Puff Daddy's kids: P-Diddy Mini, P-Poofy Bite-Size, and Puffa-Diddy Diddy Puff Fun-Size.
Mr. Garrison: Well at least we got rid of those goddamn nig- [episode ends]
Cartman: [on the phone] Oh, please! Okay, you tell me where you can get aborted fetuses for 70 cents on the dollar. You tell me, Chuck... Yeah, I didn't think so. You know, I'm just like the fetuses, Chuck: I wasn't born yesterday either!
Cartman: I'm telling you, if you let this deal pass you by, you're making a fetal mistake. [laughs]
[Kenny has just died] Stan: Did he say anything before he went? Kyle: He just said, "Where's Stan?"
Butters: [on seeing his dad "wrestling"] Yep. He went in there and wrestled with all kinds o' guys. He wasn't too good, though. This one black guy had him pinned down for fifteen minutes straight!
Butters: Oh, you mean like the time you washed my mouth out with soap for sayin' "nutsack" in front of Grandma. Yeah, I need to behave myself. [slaps his right hand with his left]
Truck Driver: Yeah. Too bad you're not a broad, 'cause I need some goddamn poontang. Butters: Yeah. I could use some goddamn poontang myself right now.
Butters: You know, you can call a shovel an ice-cream machine, but it's still a shovel, Mom and Dad. Ah, and you can call a lie whatever you want, but it's still a no-good stinking lie!
Gary Condit, O.J. Simpson, and the Ramseys: One of us, One of us, Gooble Gobble, Gooble Gobble, One of us!"
Butters: Oh well, when I get a chipotle bleu-cheese bacon burger at Bennigan's, I forget all about my dad being queer and my mom trying to kill me. I'm gonna be okay. Stan: Really? Butters: No, I'm lying.
Cartman: I can't lose weight, Butters, because I'm not fat, I'm big-boned. You can't slim down bones, stupid!
Mr. Garrison: There he is, beatin' that dead horse!
Butters: Guys, I can't eat no more. I just keep on pukin' it up. Cartman: Then eat your puke! Butters: No! Cartman: C'mon, Japanese girls do it!
Thumper: If you French fry when you should have Pizza'd, you're gonna have a bad time...
Tad: What's your name, hot shot? Stan: Stan. Marsh. Tad: Stan Marsh? [laughs] Stan Darsh is more like it.
Cartman: Hey you guys, Butters is asleep. Stan: He's such a douche-bag.
Kyle: This is terrible, dude. Maury Povich parades these poor people around on his show like carnival freaks and then gives them prizes at the end as if to justify it. What a dick!
Butters: I promise I'll never go on TV with balls on my chin again.
Cartman: Oh yeah? I run with 12 gangs, and we only commit hate crimes. Whatevah--I do what I want!
Man with Terrible Skin Condition: The first group will be lead by Incredibly Obese Black Man. Large-Sized African-American Freak: Excuse me, I'm not Incredibly Obese Black Man. I'm Incredibly Black Obese Man. Man with Terrible Skin Condition: Oh right, my bad.
Butters: I've got to get back to my family. Man with Terrible Skin Condition: We're your family too, Napoleon. We're like you. When we look at you, we don't even see the testicles on your chin, we see the testicles in your heart.
Unlabeled Freak: Sure, everyone in this great country of ours is a freak, but true, physically deformed freaks must be recognized, for it's these real freaks that make you all feel better about yourselves for not being one.
Vanessa: [after being booed by the audience] Whateva! Whateva! You fucking cocksuckers don't know shit! Fuck you!
Cartman: I was once involved in a drive-by shooting! Whatevah, I do what I want!
Vanessa: You ain't bad, you ain't nuthin'! I ditch class to go shoot heroin in the school bathroom! Cartman: I'm so bad I ran for Congress and won! Then I had sex with an intern, killed her, then hid her body! Whatevah, I do what I want!
Cartman: I'm so bad I digitally put Jabba the Hut back in the original Star Wars movie! Whatevah, I do what I want! Maury Povich: Wow! That is out of control!
Randy Marsh: We gave those kids everything and they turned into little John Walkers!
Cartman: [to a baby cow] Go ahead, that's more for us. You want some beef jerky, buddy? Yes, who's the buddy? Who's hungry? Who's the hungry man? Kyle: Dude, that's messed up!
FBI Leader: All right that's it. You are in fact the worst negotiator I've ever seen in action. Mike: All right, I'll give you that. But in exchange I want 3 staples. FBI Leader: Get the hell out of here!
Cartman: What are you waiting for? Go kill them, Worf! Michael Dorn: I'm not killing anybody! Cartman: Ugh! Some goddamned Klingon you are!
Doctor: You see these sores are all tiny vaginas. If he had stopped eating meat completely, he would've turned into one giant pussy.
Barkeep: Look, this is a bar! We can't have children in here. People come here for debauchery and sin! Cartman: Butters will give handjobs in the corner for a dollar. Butters: Well sure! I'm good at all kinds of jobs.
Russell Crowe: Well, we found out that I couldn't actually fight cancer, but we did find a person with cancer. [brings out a sickly cancer patient and begins beating him severely] Come on, cancer, ya pussy! Is that all you got?!
Russell Crowe: My fightin's poetry! You don't edit Russell Crowe's poetry, ya testicle! [beats up the editor]
Chef: Hello, is this customer service? I'm having a problem with my new television: it's sprouted laser guns and started walking around shooting people.
Towelie: [high] Well, I really hope I win 'cause... Wait, what is this again? Oh man, I have no idea what's goin' on.
Pip: Can I have some tea, please? Cartman: You don't drink tea in a ballpark, you French piece of crap! Pip: Oh, very well. Just some crumpets, then.
General Disarray: Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it!
Tweek: But, what if when I'm trying to put on the nose, the snowman comes alive and tries to kill me? Stan: Tweek, when has that ever happened, except that one time?
Chef: Hello there, children. Stan: Chef, what would a priest want to do to my ass? Chef: Goodbye.
Bishop: O Great Queen Spider, we wish to change one of the Vatican laws. Queen Spider: No, the Vatican laws cannot be changed, so sayeth the spider.
Kyle: Cartman, that's the dumbest thing you've ever said, this week.
Priest: Father, uh, having sex with boys is part of the Catholic priest's way of life.
Cardinal: Well, what do you suggest we change, Father Maxi? Father Maxi: Well, for one, no sex with boys. Congregation: Awwwwww! Rabble rabble rabble!
Bebe's Mother: Part of being a woman is having a friend one day and calling her a slut the next.
Bebe: Mom, what's six times eight? Bebe's Mother: Oh sweetie, those are two completely different numbers.
Bebe: Having boobs sucks.
Wendy: [fake coughing] Slut! Slut!
Butters: [feeling Wendy's enhanced breasts] Eew! They're all hard and oogy!
Mr. Mackey: Now, who can tell me when the first moon landing took place? Uh, how about you, Clyde? Clyde's Dad: Nineteen-sixty-- Mr. Mackey: No helping!
Tuong Lu Kim: Goddamn Mongorians! Stop tearing down my shitty wall!
Tuong Lu Kim: When those Mongorians come next time, I pour this sweet and sour pork on their heads. Ha ha, sweet and sour pork so hot and sticky, Mongorians stick ahright up to the wall! And scream "Uh-wo-o-o!" Oh I can't wait.
Parents: [in protest] Rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble!
Mr. Mackey: Mom, Dad, could you please leave me alone? Mr. Mackey's Dad: We just want to make sure no one hurts you, Junior, m'kay? Mr. Mackey: M'kay.
News Reporter: And so the residents of Manhattan are prepared to evacuate if Ms. Clinton's ass gets any bigger.
Stan: [after their parents send them to live outside of South Park] Dude, sometimes I think our parents are really stupid.
Stan: [muttering] Jesus Christ. They've done some stupid crap before, but Jesus Christ!
Mr. Garrison: [nonchalantly] A ladder to heaven? That's fucking stupid.
Reporter: Do you believe in the ladder to heaven? Fat Man: If heaven is an 8-year-old boy and the ladder is my penis... [the cameraman steers away, but the fat man tries to get back on screen] And the pearly gates are the-- [static]
Fat Man: If Saddam Hussein was an 8-year-old boy and my penis were the United States, then there wou-- [cameraman steers away] Hard nipples! [cut to anchor] Anchor: Goddammit. [holds up static screen and imitates static]
Kyle: Dude, what the hell's wrong with you? Cartman: I don't know! It's like my brain just keeps...jacking off. Kyle: Maybe you've got brain cancer. Cartman: You think?! Stan: Don't get cancer on the ladder, Cartman! You're gonna fall off and break it.
Alan Jackson: Where were you when they built the ladder to heaven? Did it make you feel like cryin' Or did you think it was kinda gay? Well I, for one, believe in the ladder to heaven Oh yeah, yeah, yeah... 9/11 I said 9/11, 9/11, 9/11, Ni-hi, hi-hine... ...Eleven
Alan Jackson: [in voice more high-pitched than his singing voice] You little bastards ruined my latest song! [smashes guitar]
Cartman: Maybe, we're not seeing heaven because one of us is a J-O-O. Kyle: What does me being a Jew have to do with anything?
Cartman: I've never heard the words "only" and "candy" in the same sentence before.
Jimmy: [to advancing 6th-graders] YOU SHALL NOT PAAAHHH... YOU SHALL NOT PPPPAA...YOU SHALL NOT P... [gets run over] ...p...p...pass.
Cartman: Go ahead and play Harry Butthole Pussy Potter!
Mr. Garrison: Eric, did you just throw a paper airplane? Cartman: No, it was Kenny! Mr. Garrison: Very funny, Eric. Kenny's dead!
Cartman: I'm not fat, I have a different life choice.
Cartman: I'll take three lunches today, please. Chef: You don't need three lunches, Eric! You're fat enough as it is! Cartman: It is my life choice, Chef, and if you don't tolerate it I'll report you to the SEC.
Cartman: Tolerance kicks ass! [everyone laughs] Randy Marsh: That's our Cartman.
Mr. Slave: [lisping] Oh Jesuth Chrith!
Tour Guide: Now, you boys have probably called this young man names like "tubby" or "lardbutt" or "fat tits"-- Kyle: Ooh, fat tits, that's a good one. Stan: Yeah, we'll have to remember that.
TV Announcer: Rob Schneider was an animal. Then he was a woman. And now Rob Schneider is a stapler! And he's about to find out that being a stapler is harder than it looks. Rob Schneider is "The Stapler". Rated PG-13.
TV Announcer: Rob Schneider is a Wall Street executive who has everything going for him. Only problem is, he's about to become a carrot! Rob Schneider: I'm a carrot! TV Announcer: It's 24-"carrot" comedy! Rob Schneider is "A Carrot"! Rated PG-13.
Chef's Dad: [in the middle of exorcising Kenny from Cartman] Goddammit! The spirit's out and it don't have nowhere to go! Chef's Mom: Lord, Thomas! Don't let it get on the curtains!
Cartman: Hey, guys! How's it goin'? Chef: Cartman? Stan: No, that's Kenny. Cartman: What the hell are you assholes doing here? Stan: That's Cartman.
Chef's Dad: Well, I guess the child's a pot roast now.
[After watching a Rob Schneider trailer] Stan and Kyle: Weak! Cartman: [laughing] That was Kenny laughing, not me.
[leaving a John Edward show] Chef: Man, I can't believe I got fooled by that asshole! Stan: He seemed a lot better on TV? Chef: ...Yeah.
Cartman: Have you seen the poop swatches?
Butters: All he ever does is watch "Becker," and that show is so stupid.
Cartman: Isn't there anything I can do?! Kyle's cousin: If you cured cancer and AIDS next week, you would still owe two presents. Cartman: Jesus Christ!
[Jesus hands up, is talking to two Iraqis] Jesus: Yea, look upon me and know me. My children, you should know something. [a knife comes out of his sleeve] I'm packing! [Jesus stabs one Iraqi with the knife with one hand and kills the other with a silenced handgun]
Santa: [to an Iraqi] I'm gonna fucking kill you! Iraqi: You're not in the position to kill anyone. I just want you to tell me America's plan. Santa: Then we're in for a long night, 'cause I don't know shit!
Santa: I just couldn't do it. [camera flashes onto dead Iraqi] I just couldn't let him live. He shocked Santa's balls!
Randy:Stan! Sheila:Kyle!
[Kenny reappears after being dead for the whole sixth season] Kenny: Hey, guys what's going on? Stan: Oh, hey, Kenny. Kyle: Hey, dude, where have you been? Kenny: Over there. [points offscreen]
Jimmy: Look! My gang, which I can't talk about because it's super secret, is the most important thing to me now! And if you two don't like it, you can just pass the blunt to the nigga on your left.
TV reporter: ...if irony were made of strawberries, we'd all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now.
Guard: Josh, were you doing the silly voice for the policeman again? Josh: [in a normal, high-pitched voice] No sir.
Principal Victoria: Will you people stop barging into my office, please? Josh: What's the matter Principal Victoria? Was your mother abusive? Did she spank your thighs with cold cuts and stick umbrellas up your ass?
Najix: Well, you don't think the whole universe works the way Earth does, do you? No! One species, one planet! There's a planet of deer, a planet of Asians, and so on! We put them all together on Earth and the whole universe tunes in to watch the fun!
Joozian 2: You've made it to a hundred episodes, you should be proud! Joozian 1: Yeah, a show should never go past a hundred episodes, or else it starts to get stale with ridiculously stupid plotlines and settings.
Stan: Dude, I have no idea what we're seeing right now, but I have a feeling it's really, really wrong.
Joozian 1: Oh man, I can't believe I sucked your jagon. Joozian 2: Oh God, we did suck each others jagons!
Chef: He's a doctor who specializes in your asshole, children. Stan: You mean, at one point in this guy's life, he decided he wanted to work up people's buttholes? Chef: That's right! Kyle: What a dick!
Jennifer Lopez: How the fuck did I end up working at a La Taco?! I had six platinum records and starred in five Hollywood movies! Mexican Guy: Yeah, me too.
Record Dude: She's from Mexico, just like you. Jennifer Lopez: I ain't from no Mexico! I'm Puerto Rican!
Cartman: Mom-m-m, Ben Affleck is naked in my bed!
Cartman: Repeat after me, Jennifer Lopez. Cartman (as Jennifer Lopez): Hennifer Lopez. Cartman: No no, Jeh. Cartman (as Jennifer Lopez): Heh.
Cartman (as Jennifer Lopez): You can suck my culo, chica!
Cartman (as Jennifer Lopez): Hola, bichola!
Cartman (as Jennifer Lopez): Ben! You bought me roses! Ben Affleck: Jenny, oh Jenny, I just can't stop thinking about you. Cartman (as Jennifer Lopez): I can't stop thinking about you either Ben! Ben Affleck: I've been meaning to write a song or a poem, but I have no talent.
Randy: Stanley, listen to me . I have SARS. There's only a 98% percent chance that I will live. Stan: No Dad, No! Randy: Listen Stan! SARS is destroying our people. The Native Americans put it in the blankets they gave us. Soon there will be only 98% of us left.
Randy: The spirit of middle-class white people is strong in you, son.
Randy: There's more to life than profits. Indian Chief: Really, Like what? Randy: You know, like Slurpees and stuff.
Randy: Ah women. God I hate them.
Cartman: Man, Indians have it good, huh? Randy: Now Eric, they're called Native Americans, remember? Show some respect.
Indian Chief: Sorry, there are no minors allowed on the casino floor. Cartman: I'm not a miner, dumbass, do you see a shovel in my hand?
Cartman: Oh please, Craig, we're 10 times gayer than you are!
Cartman: Look, guys. A lot of the kids in school are talking and they are spreading rumors that we're not metro-sexuals because we hang out with Kyle. Stan: Well what can we do about it? Cartman: We have no choice guys. We're just going to have to kill Kyle.
Mr. Garrison: Eric, you're not half bi. Cartman: I'm like a quarter bi. My grandpa was bi so that makes me a quarter bi. Mr. Garrison: What?!
All Crab People: Crab People! Crab People! Crab Person: Taste like crab, talk like people. All Crab People: Crab People! Crab People!
Cartman, Stan, Kenny: We're here! We're not queer! But we're close! Get used to it!
Randy: Stan, are you okay? Stan: Yeah dad, we're just rehearsing our band. Randy: Ohh. I thought a group of Vietnamese people were getting their intestines pulled out through their mouths. [closes door, Eric laughs sarcastically]
Cartman: Token, how many times do we have to go through this? You're black, you can play bass. Token: I'm gettin' sick of your stereotypes. Cartman: Be as sick as you want, just gimme a god damn bass line. Token: [playing a flawless funky bass melody] God damn it.
Gerald: The answer is no, Kyle. Kyle: Oh, come on, dad, stop being such a Jew! Sheila: Kyle! Don't belittle your own people.
Butters: Oh, we're not really Chrsitain! We're just pretending we are!
[the elderly woman customer walks away shocked, Cartman glares at Butters] Cartman: Butters, remind me later to cut your balls off.
Sergeant Yates: Man must learn to think of these horrible outcomes before he acts selfishly or else--I fear--recording artists will be forever doomed to a life of only semi-luxury.
Cartman: [singing] Don't ever leave me, Jesus. I couldn't stand to see you go My heart would simply snap, my Lord, if you walked on out that door I promise I'll be good to you, and keep you warm at night Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why don't we just shut off the lights
Cartman: [singing] I wanna get down on my knees and start pleasing Jesus I wanna feel his salvation all over my face
TV Reporter: When asked if MOOP's strike will stop them from illegaly downloading music, 1% said "yes". 2% said "no". And, 97% said "Who the hell is MOOP?" Back to you, Tom.
Kyle: We're not letting you back in our band Cartman! F*** off! Cartman: I don't want to be in your crappy band, guys.
Stan: You don't know anything about Christianity, Cartman! Cartman: I know enough to exploit it.
James Hetfield (of Metallica): We're going to protest until music downloading stops.
Stan: I think old people should have rights, grandpa. I just don't want to die.
Cartman: The poor kid passes it to the Jew, the Jew shoots. Oh, and the shot is blocked again, proving once and for all that Jews cannot play hockey! Kyle: It's not fair! Cartman's fatter than the goal! Cartman: I'm not fat, I just have a sweet hockey body.
Randy: Son! Avenge me! Aveeeeenge... meeeh!
Kyle: You guys! I have awesome news! Cartman: You have AIDS?
Kyle: Yeah Casa Bonita this Saturday! Butters: Wow, that's going to be so great! Stan: Yeah. Just the four of us. Kenny: Yeah!
Butters: But Eric, how am I supposed to re-populate the Earth? Cartman: You know like, with your wiener. Butters: With my wiener?!
Stan: Dude, it's Kyle's birthday, we should do whatever he wants to do. Cartman: What? Fuck Kyle! Ha! Ha! Just kidding. Birthday joke. Of course we do whatever Kyle wants. Happy birthday Kyle.
Police Officer: Well kid, you made an entire town panic, you lost all of your friends and now you're going to Juvenile Hall for a week. Was it all worth it? Cartman: ...Totally.
Mr. Garrison: Wow, it seems like I don't have a class full of retards anymore, doesn't it, children?
Cartman: You were supposed to kick his ass, not lick his butthole!
Gary's sister: And you must be Stan's sister! Oh, I think your brother's the greatest! Shelley: My brother is a stupid turd!
Randy: Let me handle this, Sharon. You gotta put these cult people in their place or else they never stop! I'm gonna go kick this Mr. Harrison's ass! [exits and slams the door shut, but quickly returns] Is Mr. Harrison...is a...is a white guy, right?
Cartman: He just goes around imposing his will on people, he's my idol.
Cartman: Handle it? For two billion dollars I'd handle my grandpa's balls, dude.
Cartman: Wow, it's like smoking brings a lot of people just a little bit of joy, and you get to take that away from them! You're awesome.
Factory Worker 1: [singing] I like to have a cigarette every now and then. It makes me feel calmer when the day is at an end. Factory Worker 2: [singing] And if it gives me cancer when I'm 80, I don't care. Who the hell wants to be 90 anyway?
Rob Reiner: I'm not Rita Poon, I'm Rob Reiner. And you've just been Reiner'd!
Cartman: I don't idolize you anymore, asshole!
Bebe: Wendy breaks up. Stan: What? Bebe: Wendy breaks up with you. Stan: Whoa, whoa, wait a minute! What did I do wrong? I haven't even talked to Wendy for weeks!
Bebe: Whatever! You guys are assholes! Butters: At least we have assholes you dumb girl!
Jimmy: Stan told me to tell you he thinks you're a cont...cont...cont...you're a cont, cont, cont... [sounding like cunt] Wendy: Well tell Stan to fuck off! [leaves] Jimmy: Cont...continuing source of inspiration to him.
Butters: Well, thanks for offering to let me in your clique, guys, but, to be honest, I'd rather be a crying little pussy than a faggy Goth kid.
Goth Kid: You can't be a nonconformist if you don't drink coffee.
Goth Kid: If you want to be one of the nonconformists, all you have to do is dress just like us and listen to the same music we do.
Stan: Hey, Wendy! You're a bitch. Token, [flips him off] right here, buddy. [Token and Wendy walk off angrily] Kyle: Oh, dude. It's good to have you back. Stan: Yeah, let's play ball.
Harry Gints: My name is Harry Gints and this is my wife Elise. We're from Canada. Gerald Broflovski: Yes, I can tell.
Harry Gints: It was a tough time for us. It was a tough time for all of Canada. The whole country was devastated by the cola wars...
Harry Gints: [referring to Ike] We're going to take good care of him. Kyle: [coldly] You'd better.
Cartman: Kyle, I just want you to know, if it were any other time of year, I still wouldn't help you.
Mr. Garrison: How 'bout we get rid of all the Mexicans. Mayor McDaniels: Mr. Garrison, every Christmas you suggest we get rid of all the Mexicans, and every Christmas we tell you, "No!" Mr. Garrison: Rats!
Kyle: All right! We're going to Canada! Cartman: Weak.
Kyle: God damnit, we need to get to the new Prime Minister, now! Steve the Newfoundlander: Oh yeah, the new Prime Minister, eh? He sure has screwed up things for Newfoundland. Life just hasn't been the same since he made sodomy illegal.
Rick, the Proud Canadian Mountie: It's okay, boys. The power is inside us to get to Ottawa! We can wish ourselves there! Mime: Ah yes! Lets wish ourselves there! [harps and angelic choir music is heard] Rick, the Proud Canadian Mountie: Is it working?
Steve the Newfoundlander: Of course, we could always take me boat, aye.
Saddam Hussein: [acting as the Prime Minister of Canada] Uh, don't mind that guy hiding in the spider hole, he's just my friend.
Saddam Hussein: Uh, don't shoot! I want to negotiate! Hey, relax!
Cartman: Parents? Parents?! [begins a fake sob] OH GOD! [sobs loudly and turns away]
Cartman: You see, guys? This is why Jews can't be ninjas. They've got no spine. Kyle: You don't know anything about Jews, fatass!
[After Stan's attempt to remove the ninja star] Kyle: Stop, dude! You're gonna scramble his brain! Cartman: Go ahead and scramble it, then he won't remember it was us.
Jimmy: Wha-what's the matter, fellas? Are you ninjas or p-p-p-p-p-pussies? Cartman: We're twice the ninjas you fags are!
Animal Shelter Worker: Here you go pup, I've got a sweet dose of murder for ya. [notices the open kennel] What the--? Blast it, he's escaped! [sighs, moves towards another dog] Oh well, let's murder one of these other dogs.
Chef: Well, you children should be careful with those weapons, you could put somebody's eye out. Kyle: Yeah, we know.
[Theme song while boys are fighting.]
Hey hey let's go &#21927;&#22057;&#12377;&#12427; &#22823;&#20999;&#12394;&#29289; protect my balls! &#20693;&#12364;&#24746;&#12356; so let's fighting-- Let's fighting love! Let's fighting love!
&#12371;&#12398;&#27468;&#12385;&#12423;&#12387;&#12392;&#39340;&#40575; &#12431;&#12369;&#12364;&#12431;&#12363;&#12425;&#12394;&#12356; &#33521;&#35486;&#12364;&#12417;&#12385;&#12419;&#12367;&#12385;&#12419; &#22823;&#19976;&#22827;&#65311; We do it all the time!
[Transliteration]
Subarashii chinchin mono Kintama no kami aru Sore no oto sarubobo Iie! Ninja ga imasuuuuuuuu
Hey hey let's go kenka suru Taisetsu na mono protect my balls! Boku ga warui so let's fighting-- Let's fighting love! Let's fighting love!
Kono uta chotto baka Wake ga wakaranai Eigo ga mecha kucha Daijoubu, we do it all the time!
[English translation]
I have a wonderful penis There is hair on my balls Is that the sound of a baby monkey * ? No! Ninjas are here!
Hey hey let's go! Getting in a fight! The important thing is to protect my balls! I am badass, so let's fighting-- Let's fighting love! Let's fighting love!
This song is a little stupid It doesn't make any sense English is all fucked up But that's okay, we do it all the time
actually, its slang, monkey-bushy hair, meaning monkey pussy
Kyle: Hey AWESOM-O, I'd also like some celery sticks chopped up two inches long, with peanut butter and raisins on top. Cartman: [as AWESOM-O] Suck my balls, Kyle.
Liane: [talking to Mrs. Stotch on the phone] Actually, Eric is still supposed to be grounded for trying to exterminate the Jews two weeks ago.
Military General: Mister Scientist! You are paid to think! National security is our job.
[Cartman's just revealed his plan to pretend he's retarded to win the Special Olympics] Stan: Thats really, really, terrible dude! Cartman: Terrible?! Whatever. You guys just don't have brains that can compute complex plans like mine!
Jimmy's Father: I'll leave you two alone. And Jimmy, are you sure you weren't masturbating? Its okay if you were. Jimmy: Dad! Jesus Christ!
Cartman: [pretending he's retarded] Derrrr...derrrr...hey guys whats going on, derrrrrr? [long pause] Kyle: God damn you.
Cartman: This is why you can't bring Jews on away missions! They don't play along!
Stan: Well, with these bus tickets, it looks like we spent about $87 getting our money back from Mel Gibson, but I think it's the principle that matters. Kenny: Yeah, I agree. [Truck horn honking] Stan: Oh, you've got to be shitting me... Mel Gibson: Give me back my money!
Cartman: Töten Sie die Juden! Wir können nicht stillstehen bis sie alle tot sind! [Kill all the Jews! We cannot stand still 'till all are dead!] Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready to do thy bidding, Mel Gibson.
Cartman: Okay, now when I say "Es ist Zeit für Rache!" you respond "Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!" Woman: What does that mean? Man: Oh, I think it's Aramaic, just like in the movie!
Cartman: Es ist Zeit für Rache! [It's time for revenge!] Crowd: Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten! [We must exterminate the Jews!] Woman: Oh, this is fun!
Cartman: Aw, aw, no, come on, people, we're so close to completing my final solution!
Kyle: I feel way better about being a Jew now that I know Mel Gibson is just a big wacko douche.
Sharon Marsh: Well, Randy, that was some great advice you gave our son yesterday. Randy Marsh: What? Sharon: Those kids showed up to serve Stan again, and he danced back. Randy: Well, what happened? Sharon: It's on.
Hick: You do a line and I'll do a line honey. You do a line and I'll do a line babe. You do a line and I'll do a line, we'll fight and screw till the morning time.
Hick: You snort K and I'll snort K honey. You snort K and I'll snort K babe. You snort K and I'll snort K, we'll fight and screw all night and day.
Stan: Hey kid, you're pretty good. How would you like to join our dance troupe? Yao: You mean dancing without a machine telling you what to do? Stan: Yeah. Yao: That's stupid.
Lil' Kim: Wassup, niggas!
Cartman: Well, excuse my French, Mrs. Marsh, but you can suck my fat hairy balls!
[Mr. Jefferson grab Blanket and pretending to fly] Mr. Jefferson: Wee look, he can fly. Kyle: Jesus christ, dude!
[Mr. Jefferson carry Blanket with one leg while Blanket is screaming] Stan: [yelled] Stop you fucking lunatic! [While Kenny tight his hoodie jacket]
Redneck #1: They took our jobs! Redneck #2: Took-er jerbs! Redneck #3: Derka der!
Woman: How much are oranges? Gooback: Tree-fiddy. [$3.50]
Weathers: [reading from a letter] Dear Intolerant Rednecks, we sympathize with you losing your jobs, but we believe your solution of shooting everyone who crosses the border is inhuman.
Gooback: [with difficulty] Iggen arndrij? [points to the chicken sandwich sign] Stan: No, not a chicken sandwich! I want a god damn cheesburger and some god damn fries, you fucking goobacks! Randy: Stan Marsh! Stan: Aw--Aww!
Bill O'Reilly: On my right is pissed-off white-trash redneck conservative and on my left is aging hippie liberal douche.
Randy: Oh my God. Dey took ma jahb! Stan: Dey took yer jahb!
[Stan walks into his house to discover his dad lying on the floor, looking ill.] Stan: Jesus Christ...Dad?! Randy: Stan? Stan: Dad, oh my God! Randy: Stan. Stan: What, Dad, are you dying? Randy: No, I'm just really really tired. I was shopping at Wall-Mart all night.
Cartman: Whoa, pixie sticks, 29 cents! [slips into a trance] Wall-Mart? Are you speaking to me? ...My friends...trying to hurt you again? Yes Wall-Mart, I understand.
[The boys finally reach Arkansas in a bus] Stan: Goddamn, that took a long time. Kyle: It would have been faster if Cartman hadn't slashed the tires. Cartman: I did not. I wanna close Wall-Mart just as much as you guys do.
[when the boys are all in preschool] Stan: Dude, let's play firemen! Kyle: Totally dude, let's play fireman! Cartman: Jews can't be firemen! Kyle: Shut up, fat ass! Cartman: Don't call me fat you stupid jew!
Dr. Doctor: Boys, you have to let him rest. Some mean kid gave him a Texas Chili Bowl. Stan: What's that? Dr. Doctor: It involves Tabasco sauce, a telephone, and the anus.
[after the teacher gets injured] Officer: Miss Claridge, did Trent Boyett do this to you? [the teacher beeps twice, which is supposed to mean no] Officer: "Yes, Yes." Take him away!
Paris Hilton: Another dog killed itself!
Paris Hilton: [opening her new store] Have fun girls, and remember to party and be super-lame to everybody.
Cartman: [walks up to a group of girls and flips each one off in turn] Fuck you, Millie! Fuck you, Annie! Fuck you, Bebe! Fuck you, whatever-your-name-is! A-a-a-and fuck you, bitch!
Mr. Garrison: [after Mr. Slave shoves Paris Hilton up his anus] Now that's a whore!
Man in Crowd: Whore-off!
Randy Marsh: Oh, no, she didn't!
Narrator: The little critters cheered and Beavery said with a smile Beavery: How would you like to sing and dance with us for a while? Narrator: The boy in the red poofball hat smiled and said... Stan: (does not smile) Uh, no thanks, I'm gonna go home.
Squirrely the Squirrel: Blood orgy! Blood orgy!
Singing critters: What special time! What special day! It's Woodland Critter Christmas! Squirrely the Squirrel: Hail Satan!
Stan: I am sorry that I killed your mom but the squirrel told me that she was evil. Mountain Lion Cub: You got tricked by a squirrel? Gee, you are not too smart, are you mister?
Beary the Bear: Gee whiz, Santa, you're not gonna kill me, are you? [Santa shoots him]
Kyle: Stan! What the hell is going on?! Stan: It's Critter Christmas, dude! It sucks ass!
Narrator: And they all lived happily ever after, except for Kyle, who died of AIDS two weeks later. Kyle: [voice over] Goddamn it Cartman!
Mrs. Garrison: Hey, boys. It's me, your teacher, Mrs. Garrison. Cartman: [whispers] You guys, Mr. Garrison has titties!
Gerald: Look, Ike! Your daddy's a dolphin!
Mr. Slave: I don't like vaginas.
Mrs. Garrison: You men are all alike! Go ahead and find somebody who doesn't have a vagina, you fag!
Basketball coach: [to Kyle] No, you see, Jews can't play basketball. They're not tall or black enough.
Kyle: All my life I've wanted to be tall and black. Could you do it for me, Doctor? Doctor: [stares, speechless] Oh, I see! In that case, you want a Negroplasty. Kyle: A Negroplasty? Doctor: Yes, it's very simple, just the exact opposite of a Caucasioplasty.
Gerald: What kind of nutjob would agree to surgically alter my son into a tall African-American?!
Mrs. Garrison: That means I'm not really a woman! I'm just a guy with a mutilated penis! Doctor: Basically, yes.
Cartman: They're not people! They're hippies!
Kyle: Those dirty liars! Kenny: Son of a bitch!
Cartman: And we'll need a black guy who can sacrifice himself in case something goes wrong. [camera moves back and forth passing Chef several times] Oh how about... Chef: [irritated] Yeah, I know!
Hippie: Wait until those little Eichmanns get a taste of this crunchy groove!
Cartman: Did you eat their brownies? Did you eat their brownies?!
Mrs. Garrison: Just between us gals, nothing gets my vag wetter than a black man singing! Principal Victoria: Mr. Garrison, for the love of God!
Kyle: Don't worry Kenny. You didn't die for nothing. We're gonna get Wing back as our client. And make a ton of money. I swear it to you.
Michael: God intended Kenny to die! What are these people doing?
Angel: The Keanu Reeves boy has been revived on Earth! His soul is no longer in Heaven! Satan: Then GOD is helpless!
Stan: Don't kill Kenny! Protesters: You bastards!
Uriel: No! There is another. A Japanese boy did make it to level 59. Michael: Are you stupid, Uriel? Japanese people don't have souls! Angels: Yeah, Uriel! Uriel: Oh. Right, right. I'm sorry.
Kevin: Keep your army marching my Lord. I will get that feeding tube removed. Satan: How? Kevin: I will do what we always do. Use the Republicans.
Angel 1: Jesus! Their army is massive! Angel 2: Heaven help us!
Michael: Basically, Kenny, you...are Keanu Reeves.
Random person: You bureaucrats have no right to play god and take that tube out. Angel: No, no. See, they were playing god when they put the feeding tube in.
Kyle: Maybe we should just let Kenny go in peace. Stan: You mean Cartman's side is right? Kyle: Cartman's side is right. For the wrong reasons. But we are wrong. For the right reasons.
Angel: Michael, michel. The humans finally did the right thing. Angel Michael: Oh my god. They killed Kenny.
[After the South Park team is disqualified due to Randy fighting with the another player's dad] Stan: Dad? Randy: Huh? Stan: You're the greatest. [Randy leaps into the air with joy]
Batdad: You better shut your mouth before I shut it for you!
Randy: What do you wanna do?
Batdad: Now for the finishing move! You're about to be "Batdad-ed"!
Umpire: Stop! Stop or you're going to get your teams disqualified!
Stan: Disqualified? Fight! Keep fighting!
Umpire 2: Break it up! Break it up!
Randy: Hey, Batdad, I didn't hear no bell.
Batdad: Batdad knows no fear! Batdad knows no pain!
Randy: For what? Arresting me for what? I'm not allowed to stand up for myself? I thought this was America! Huh? Isn't this America? I'm sorry, I thought this was America.
Randy: Denver sucks ass.
Butters: Son of a biscuit!
Pueblo Dad: Vamanos Pueblo! Vive el Pueblo! (Let's go Pueblo! Long live Pueblo!) Randy: [takes out Spanish-English Dictionary] Pueblo no bueno...Pueblo es muy mal. (Pueblo is not good. Pueblo is very bad.)
Baseball player: We're going down! We're going to get creamed!
Baseball player: You know what these guys look like? A bunch of winners!
Butters: I'm like the kid in that movie: I'm seein' dead people!
Butters: Well you know, Preacher says before your soul can be at peace, sometimes you have to atone for something bad you did. Cartman: Atone? Butters: Did you ever do something really bad? Cartman: [Thinking] Not really.
Cartman My soul is finally at peace. It's time for me to leave. Good-bye Butters, thank you for all your help. Good-byeee.
Cartman: Goodbye, Butters, I must be going now. I'll be looking down on you from time to time. Have a long, fulfilling life Butters! Good-byeeeeeeeee...
Ike: [singing] I have a Yankee Doodle sweetheart, she's my Yankee Doodle girl. 'Ankee Doodle came to London, just to ride the ponies! I am da Yankee Doodle, I am da Yankee Doodle, I am da Yankee Doodle boy!
Butters: 'Ey, who's droppin' bombs in there?! How 'bout a courtesy flush?! Cartman: Up yours, Butters!
Jimmy: Shawna, I was wondering if I could put my penis in your vagina.
Gerald: Maybe we should strip these jackets off and warm our bodies next to each other. Randy: Don't be a fag!
Stan: Dude! Dude, did you see the news last night? Cartman: Yeah. Stan: You saw all those people trapped on their roofs? Cartman: Yeah, that was pretty funny.
Cartman: Give me your Jew gold now! Kyle: Goddammit, you know I don't carry gold in a little bag around my neck, Cartman. What do you want from me? Cartman: I want your Jew gold.
Kyle: We must save these people! Stan: How? Cartman: Why?
[repeated line] Townsfolk: We didn't listen! [echoed] We didn't listen!
Angry Man: It's George Bush's fault! Another Man: Yeah! George Bush doesn't care about beavers!
JESUS SAID "COME UNTO ME ALL YE WHO LABOR AND ARE HEAVY LADEN AND I WILL GIVE YOU REST" MATT 11:28 [Butters' epitaph]
Doctor: [after the pig splatters everywhere and he checks the pulse] "He... Didn't make it".
Cartman: God only knows the horrors that go on at girls' slumber parties.
Red hair girl: Hey Marjorine you want to know your future?
Turner: What the hell?
Cartman: Hahahaha! We have the device now! The power belong to us! Hahahaha!
Turner: Anybody has a piece of notebook paper so I can make another one?
Steven Stotch: You're demon-spawn now, son.
Kevin: You mean like that movie, Juwanna Mann? Cartman: No, not like the movie Juwanna Mann! It's way cooler than that!
Cartman: [advising Butters] ...just roll with it if they start lezzing out.
Butters: [after his parents leave a dead body for him to eat] Can't I just have some Spaghetti-Os?
Cartman: [after Kenny blows up the future-telling device with a mushroom cloud so large it can be seen from space] Damn, Ken!
Mr. Garrison: We've completed our scientific non-biased study of fags having kids.
Mr. Garrison: Look at the freak egg! It has two daddies! [teasing] Two daddies, two daddies!
Kyle: Do you really think my hat is stupid? Stan: As a matter of fact, I think it is the nicest hat I have ever known.
Governor: ...while gays can still live together as "butt buddies" and straights can keep the title of marriage sacred. And everyone is happy. Lesbian in Crowd: What about lesbians? [small murmurs among the lesbians] Governor: Well like anyone cares about fucking dykes!
Cartman: [to Kyle] Shut your goddamned daywalker mouth!
Cartman: The only way to fight hate is with even more hate!
Cartman: I'm not gonna be part of a fucking minority!
Brian: Yeah, I'm afraid that you are completely miserable and totally depressed. Stan: I am?! I didn't know that! Brian: Well there's certainly no question that you are a perfect candidate for Scientology
Cartman: Don't be such a Jew, Stan.
President: What's better than telling people a stupid story and having them believe you?! [Stan draws a blank] Having them PAY you for it, stupid!
Tom Cruise: [to Stan] I'll sue you in England!
Nicole Kidman: Tom? Don't you think this has gone on long enough? It's time for you to come out of the closet. Tom Cruise: But I'm...I'm not in the closet. Nicole Kidman: Yes, you are, Tom, and you need to just end this and come out.
Nicole Kidman: Tom, come out of the closet. You're not fooling anybody.
Scientologist: You can't make fun of Scientology, kid! We are going to sue your ass and your balls!
Stan: Dad, aren't you kind of drunk? Randy: It's okay, Stan, I have some beer to keep my buzz going!
AA Member: Do you know anything about alcoholism? Stan: Yeah, and I know a thing or two about cults. I was the leader of one for a while.
Stan: No, cancer is a disease. My dad needs to drink less.
Randy: It's not fair. Why did you give me this disease?
Stan: Dad, aren't you supposed to, like, not drink and drive? Randy: I'm not drinking and driving, I'm driving while I'm drinking, right, boys? Cartman: Sure, whatever, dude.
Randy: Stan!Stan!(appears bald) Staaaaaaaaan! Stan: Ah,Goddamnit!
Randy: How did I manage to raise such a smart kid? Stan: I have a great teacher. Randy: Thanks son. Stan: No not you, my karate teacher. He's really smart.
Field Reporter: And the Pope said, quote, "A chick bleeding out her vagina is no miracle. Chicks bleed out their vaginas all the time."
Randy: Well how about 4? Stan: I think you're pushing it. Randy: How 'bout 20? Stan: That's not disciprine. Randy: Right, right. Does vodka count? Stan: Dad!
Randy: Let me handle this. What seems to be the officer, problem? Officer: ...Step out of the car, please.
At the side of police vehicle: "To patronize and annoy"
Cartman: Uh, guys? Did Chef seem a little, uh, trippy to you?
Cartman: Hey you guys, you know what they call a Jewish woman's boobs? ...Joobs!
Clyde: You guys...something's wrong with Chef. He's saying some really weird stuff. Kyle: Like what? Clyde: I think... I think he wants to have sex with me.
Chef: [in sound clips of his voiced mixed together] I want to stick my balls inside your rectum, Kyle. I'm gonna make love to your asshole, children. Kenny, how would you like to sodomize my black ass?
Butters: [after seeing a police detective perform a rim job on a doll] My Uncle Bud did that to me once!
Mr. Connolly: [about the Super Adventure Club's founder] And he lived for eternity, until he was hit by a train in 1892.
Mr. Connolly: If you choose not to leave, then we will have to...call security and make you leave. It will be super-embarrassing and everyone here will see!
Cartman: San Francisco is the breeding ground of hippies!
News Anchor: Cities like Denver and Salt Lake are heavily damaged, but still alright. However, San Francisco I'm afraid, has disappeared completely up its own asshole.
Gerald: Which cartoon is it? What cartoon'll be so insensitive as to have Muhammad as a character? Randy: Who do you think? The cartoon that's always pushing buttons with their careless toilet humor... Family Guy!
Cartman: That's different! I'm just a little boy! That's a cartoon! Millions of people watch it! How would you feel, Kyle, if there was a cartoon on television that made fun of Jews all the time?! Huh?!
Cartman: [about Family Guy] It's wrong! It's wrooooong!
Closing voiceover: Will networks executives stand up for free speech? Or will Comedy Central puss out?
Ayman al-Zawahri: Seriously, Family Guy isn't even that well written. The jokes are all interchangeable and usually irrelevant to the plot. When this episode airs - our retaliation will be MASSIVE!
Cartman: Oh my god, is that Tim McGraw?
Bart Simpson: [after hitting Kyle over the head with a skateboard] Cowabunga, motherfucker.
Cartman: I did it! I...am...GOD!
Cartman: What's the worst thing you've ever done? Bart Simpson: I stole the head off a statue once. Cartman: Wow, that's pretty hardcore. Geez. That's like this one time when I didn't like a kid, so I ground his parents up into chili and fed it to him.
Cartman: I'll use this situation to get Family Guy cancelled. I use fear to manipulate people to do my bidding. Bart Simpson: Uh, isn't that like terrorism? Cartman: Dude, it's not like terrorism! It is terrorism!
Kyle: Cartman! You fucking fatass! Cartman: How the hell did you get out? Kyle: That kid and I had a long talk. I told him he was on a slippery slope to becoming a monster like you! Cartman: Oh goddamnit! You gave him one of your gay little speeches, didn't you?
Cartman: Well Kyle, I guess it was inevitable. [Cartman and Kyle take their gloves off, stare at each other, and engage in a slap fight] Cartman: Ow! Kyle stop it-no Kyle that's too hard!
Terrence: Hello Muhammad, we've read all aboot you in the Qur'an. Mohammed: I'm here to investigate a murder.
Fox president:Take this noble child out to the family guy offices. If he can scare them like he has us, maybe we can pull the Muhammah episode after all.
Cartman: Good, Kyle! That's good anger you're showing there! That's emotional character development based on what's happening in the storyline! Not at all like Family Guy.
Cartman: Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some idea balls to pull from a manatee tank. Kyle: WHAT?!
Towelie: How spicy would you like your Chang sauce?
Towelie: Don't call me shoeless! YOU'RE shoeless! Customer: Yeah, well you're a towel. Towelie: You're a towel! Manager: Alright, that's it! Get out of here! You're fired! Towelie: [points at customer] Yeah! Manager: Not him, you! Towelie: Aw...
Book Publisher: Because they're people and you're a towel. Towelie: You're a towel! Book Publisher: No, I'm a big book publisher whos not the least bit interested in your stony memoirs, you're a towel.
Gary: Are we in Paris, Mingey?
Oprah Fan: Burn that which lies to Oprah!
Kyle: Did Cartman just crap treasure? Cartman: It's mine! I got it out of the cave! It belongs to me!
Mr. Mackey: Now today we have a special guest speaker, does anyone know who our last vice-president was? [brief silence] Kyle: Dick Cheney? Mr. Mackey: No, no, the last one. Butters: Bill Clinton? Mr. Mackey: No, Clinton's Vice President. [silence, no one knows who Al Gore is]
Al Gore: I've killed ManBearPig!
Cartman: If I miss dinner, I'm going to be so pissed off!
Al Gore: Everyone is super stoked on me, even if they don't know it.
Worker: What is that, a pigbearman? Al Gore: No, stupid, it's ManBearPig.
Al Gore: It's a half-man, half-bear, and half-pig.
Al Gore: This looks like ManBearPig central!
Kyle: It's half-man, and half-bearpig. Cartman: No! It's half-man, half-bear, and half-pig! Kyle: That doesn't make any sense. Stan: It could be half-bear and half man-pig.
Tour Guide: And that whistling sound is why we call this the Cave of the Winds. Steven's Wife: Take a picture of the sound, Steven.
Al Gore: I can get you all excused from school. Cartman: You...have that kind of power?
Stan or Kyle: What do ManBearPig droppings look like? Al Gore: Kind of like pig droppings but more man-bear like.
Al Gore: Excelsior!
Al Gore: I'm super serial.
Al Gore: Why does nobody believe that I'm serial?
Cartman: I just... I really need the support of my best friend right now. Jimmy: Who's your best friend? Cartman: You are, Jimmy! We've always been best friends! We know everything about each other! Jimmy: What's my last name? Cartman: [pause] Goddammit.
Cartman: Goddammit, Mom! I'm your son and you will listen to me!
Cesar Millan: TSST!
Cartman: All right, I'll stay with Kenny. Let's go, man. Kenny: Fuck you.
Stella: I'm serious. Let's put down the video game and go to the kitchen. Cartman: [in British accent] No thanks, I'd rahther naught.
Stella: It's the time-out stool. You can't get down until the time is up. Cartman: [looks at her, then hops off the stool] Whoa, how did I do that?
Cartman: Suck my asshole, taco vendor!
Cartman: What the hell is this?! Skinless chicken, boiled vegetables and salad?! This is just like Auschwitz!
Cartman: Yes! I've lost almost ten pounds now. You see what I mean?? I totally know how it felt to be a Jew in the Holocaust now!
Cartman: Stop trying to bogart my X-Box you fat bitch!
Liane: And then we'll go to Target, and...I'll buy you a Mega Ranger? Cartman: Could I have...two Mega Rangers? Liane: You can have anything you want, dear. [camera focuses on Cartman and Damien music plays]
[the Rogue player kills Kenny] Stan: Oh my god! He killed Kenny! Kyle: You...bastard!
Kyle: Wow, look at all these people playing right now! Cartman: Yeah, it's bull crap. I bet half of these people are Koreans!
Jim: I've got to get home! My kids are playing World of Warcraft right now! Rob Pardo: Jim, your kid's characters are already dead. Jim: No! They only just started playing!
Rob Pardo: Whoever this person is, he's played World of Warcraft nearly every hour of every day for the past two years. Gentlemen, we are dealing with someone here who has absolutely no life. Blizzard executive: How do you kill that which has no life?
Blizzard Executive: We can't give the Sword of a Thousand Truths to a newb!
Cartman: Prepare to charge! Scroll over him with your mouse cursors and...right click!
Rob Pardo: Gentlemen, this could very well be the end of the world...of Warcraft. Developer: No... NOOOOO!
Rob: I don't have a World of Warcraft account, do you? Mike: No, I have a life!
Stan: [after defeating The Rogue Player] That was such uber-pwnage!
[having saved the World of Warcraft by playing the game non-stop for several months] Stan: I can't believe it's all over. What do we do now? Cartman: What do you mean? Now we can finally play the game. Kyle: Oh, yeah. Cartman: Okay Kenny, route Eye of the Beast to your Hotbar.
Kyle: [after the conspiracy is blown] So who caused 9/11? Stan: What do you mean? A bunch of pissed off Muslims. Hardly Boy: Yeah, what are you, retarded?
Police Chief: This is too big a mystery for me, I think we better call in the Hardly Boys! Mr. Mackey: Oh no, not the god damn-- mkay
[Hardly Boys Music hits and cut to the Hardly Boys intro video] Announcer: The Hardly Boys: two young whippersnappers with a taste for solving mysteries. The Hardly Boys in: The Case of the World Trade Center Conspiracy.
Cartman As The Dawg: Go with Christ, bro'.
Reporter: Tom, an elementary school teacher is under arrest for allegedly having an affair - with one of her young students. The case is shocking, due mostly to the fact that the teacher is pretty hot, Tom. If the accusations are true, then, damn!
Cartman As The Dawg: [sings] The fear of darkness is all around you The criminal are on the run Now you better bring your hall pass I'll take you to the principal office cause I'm the Dawg I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg The hallway monitor
[after Miss Stevenson has killed herself] Cartman As The Dawg: Well, once again, The Dawg has prevailed. I hope you've learned kids, that if you don't go with Christ, you could end up just like that splattered bitch down on the pavement.
Cartman As The Dawg: We can do this the easy way or we can do it Dawggie style.
Butters [singing to himself at the urinal]: Hey there Mr. Wiener, what do you know. Do you have to tinkle, tinkle? Yes, I do think so.
(after the teacher says she is an alcoholic) Cartman: I don't believe it. She is using the Mel Gibson defence. Sgt Murphy: Do we still press charges? Sgt Yates: Who are we gonna convict? Johny Walker? Stan's dad: Poor woman, she's a victim. A hot victim.
Doctor: Was there ever history of sexual abuse in your family? Ms. Stevenson: No, but my uncle used to ask me and my twin sister to kiss, and he'd take pictures. Doctor: ...Nice.
Ms. Stevenson: Ike let's get out of here. They'll never let us be together. I think we should go to Milan, like we talked about. Ike: Yay, Mulan.
Sgt Yates: You're so full of crap, Foley! Officer Foley: What?! I did shoot him in the face. Twice!
Sgt Yates: Are you sure you are not lying, Foley? Officer Foley: No, really. I shot both of them. They weren't even doing nothing.
Sgt. Yates: Damn it! Where were all these sexed up teachers when I was a kid?!
Satan: [having been told his guests don't care about the Acura cake] It's not about them, it's about meeeeeeeeee! Satan's minion: Wow, what a jerk.
Satan: [to crowd] Everybody, I'm sorry. Halloween is for you. It's for all of you who make my life so special. If I don't realise that, then I'm no better than a rich American teenage girl.
Butters: But dad, Biggie Smalls is gonna bust a cap in my ass!
Sea Otter (Leader of Allied Atheist Alliance): Science damn you, Unified Atheist Alliance!
Sea Otter (Leader of Allied Atheist Alliance): Know this, time child! I shall smash your skull like a clam on my tummy!
Sea Otter (Leader of Allied Atheist Alliance): I shall personally kill the time child, and eat his entrails on my tummy!
Ms. Garrison: I'm not a monkey! I'm a woman.
Kyle: [to Cartman] Yeah, I hate you, but I'm not going to help kill you! Cartman: I thought you were my friends! I guess I was wrong! After all we've been through together, you guys won't even help me freeze myself.
EV Games Employee: [to Cartman] Look, kid, for the 40th time: pacing in front of the store isn't going to make the Wii come any faster.
Repeated line: Science damn it!
[Richard Dawkins runs out of Mrs. Garrison's house after discovering she is a post-op transwoman] Ms. Garrison: Fine then! Go ahead and leave, you atheist faggot! Have fun mocking God in hell, you queer!
K-10: Bark-bark. Hello Eric, I have missed you. Cartman: Suck my balls K-10, I'm not in the mood.
The Wise One: Maybe some otters do need to believe in something. Who knows, maybe just believing in God...makes God exist. [thoughtful, solemn pause] Sea Otters: Kill the Wise One! KILL THE WISE ONE! [The Wise One is slaughtered by a mob of otters]
Sea Otter (Leader of Allied Atheist Alliance): Kill the table-eaters, IN THE NAME OF ALMIGHTY SCIENCE!
County official: Stan Marsh is a washed-up fourth grader. He's got no job, no bicycle And his only way out is to coach... [record scratch] ...a pee-wee hockey team! And now, he's about to find out that to coach, you've got to grow.
County official: Stan Marsh is always lived a carefree life. But in the blink of an eye what seemed important before can all be put in prospective. Stan Marsh is...bummin' on Cancer.
Number 6: Coach, please don't let us lose to Adams County. My daddy will beat me again.
Randy Marsh: Your mother's been worried sick! And I've been watching TV.
Dr. Doctor: That kid's got as much hope as Steve Irwin in a tank full of stingrays.
Parent: Noo, i'm just his father. But you are his coach. You're like a father to him.
Randy Marsh: And Stan.. Don't forget.. Win or lose... That's the only choices you have. Win, or lose..
Randy: Oh, all right, I'd like to solve the puzzle: ...Niggers!
Stan: I get it now. After that little person talked the other day, I understand how you feel about somebody saying the N-word. Token: So black people are midgets? Stan: Goddammit!
Token: Jesse Jackson is not the emperor of black people! [Token walks away; long pause] Stan: He told my dad he was.
Mrs. Garrison: All right, students, let's take our seats. Apparently we have a little problem here at the school which we need to talk about. Cartman: Ah, yes. [points to Kyle] You mean the Jew problem. Good, good. I'm glad we're going to finally do something about it.
Cartman: We all know the only person who can spread the lice here is Kenny and the Jew. Kenny: What?! Fuck you!
[Clyde is in the waiting room awaiting treatment for his lice] Girl: I have an ear infection. What are you here for? Clyde: I have...I have AIDS.
Cartman: Do you know what this is? This is apple juice! It gives me super-bad farts!
Staff Assistant: Sir, these kids are right. We've just received intel that Russian terrorists are believed to be responsible for the threat. Staff Head: Where's the intel from? Staff Assistant: We just read it on Drudge Report.
Staff Head: We do this my way! I'm the one in charge! Kyle: [pauses] Not anymore you're not. Staff Head: Oh, snap. [walks off, depressed]
Mrs. Garrison: Scissor me timbers!
Mrs. Garrison: I saw the way you were looking at me. Scissoring me with your eyes.
Mrs. Garrison: I mean, really I don't even understand how two women can make love, unless they just kind of scissor or something.
Mrs. Garrison: Children, I have to tell you something that you might find shocking. [sighs] I'm gay. Stan: Again?
Mrs. Garrison: I know you're actually a woman. Xerxes: How...? How did you find that out? Mrs. Garrison: I hired Mexicans to spy on you! They saw you working out at Curves. Xerxes: You don't understand. Women can't be the boss in Persian culture. Nobody can know about this.
Cartman: [jumps off his skateboard] Yes! I did it! [tosses his helmet away] I jumped over the homeless! Yes! Kenny: Yeees! Stan: That was a sweet idea, Kyle. Kyle: Goddammit, that wasn't my idea!
Randy: Waghh! I don't have any more change! [makes his way through the crowd of bums] Nooo! I don't have any change! I don't have any chaaange! [disappears under the sea of homeless people]
Steve: Oh, God. One of them is a war veteran. [more knocking] We're gonna have to give him some change.
[Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman fall in the sewer] Cartman: Aw, God, it really smells like Kenny's house down here. Kenny: Stop fucking talking about my house! Cartman: Whoa, Kenny, relax, dude. We need to work together.
Homeless Woman: Spare any change, sir? Cartman: No! Fuck off! [slams the door]
Bum 7: Spare some change? Randy: I just gave you change!
Stan: We're not having Cartman jump over more homeless people. Kyle: [angrily] That wasn't my idea!
Stan: [to Kyle after Cartman has jumped over three homeless people] Honestly, I don't know what you see in this, Kyle.
Cartman: [to Thomas] Isn't having Tourettes awesome? [Thomas raises an eyebrow suspiciously]
Cartman: This Saturday I will go on national television, live. I will say horrible things on the air. Despicable things! And people will call me brave.
Cartman: Finally, my wish of going public with my illness can come true. Goddamn Jews! Suck my ass-barf!
Cartman: Thank you, everybody. Suck my balls!
Cartman: This Saturday I will actually say anything I want on national television. I'm going to blast the Jews, Kyle. I'm going to call them every name in the book, and people will call it brilliant television. They'll probably give me an Emmy.
Cartman: Titty sprinkles!
Pedophile 1: Oh, no! Chris Hansen?! [shoots himself in the head] Pedophile 2: "Dateline?!" [shoots himself in the head] Pedophile 3: There aren't really brownies?! [shoots himself in the head]
Herr Broloff: I'm sorry Mr. Marsh, but if you cannot crap out the crap, it is not really a crap.
Randy: I'm sorry, Sharon. Sorry that I let you down. I'm sorry I can't crap like Bono.
Butters: I'm supposed to be in school right now, but instead I have Snarf, Popeye, and Luke Skywalker all pissed off.
Kyle: Oh God... Superman: Yes, God's here too. He's gonna talk to you right after Captain Crunch.
Santa Claus: Okay, Kyle, that's enough ball-sucking.
Butters: Wait, I'm not grounded! Steven Stotch: Oh, yes you are! Butters: Oh, yeah? [tries to use his imagination powers to end the grounding] Steven Stotch: That only works in Imaginationland! You're grounded! Butters: Aw, shit!
Mr. Kincaid: Stan Marsh, this is Thad Jarvis. Thad: 'Sup. Mr. Kincaid: Thad here has backed up a lot of really great Guitar Hero players. Isn't that right, Thad? Thad: Yup. Mr. Kincaid: He doesn't even need a game system to play on. He can play Guitar Hero acoustically.
[Cartman, Kenny, Craig, Token, and Clyde are playing basketball; Craig fakes out Cartman and shoots] Cartman: Stop cheating, Craig! Craig: How was that cheating?! Cartman: 'Cause you tricked me, you black asshole!
Announcer: Congratulations! You played Guitar Hero enough to score one million points! You...ARE...FAGS! Stan: [after a long silence] ...That's it? Kyle: Goddammit. Goddammit. [they walk away]
Butters: Well, I guess we'll never get that list from the girls. Cartman: Screw that, dude. We're guys; we can out-think them.
Cartman: When she stops and turns to Craig in the hallway, Butters will run up and kick her in the balls! Butters: Okay!
[Millie is walking at the hall and she hear Craig with the horn and get kicked in the groin by Butters] Millie: Ow! What you did that for. [Butter kick her again] Millie: What your problem, asshole?
Cartman: Okay, our mission failed, but we've learned a lot, primarily that girls don't have balls. Butters: [in a sling with a black eye] They sure don't.
Butters: Mom! Dad! I'm not the ugliest kid in class! Kyle Broflovski is! Steven: Well, good for you, Butters! Linda: Way to go, champ! Butters: Whoopee! [runs off] Steven: Well, guess we won't have to ground him.
Stan: That didn't sparkle with her, did it?
Doctor: Well, there's no doubt about it. Those tonsils need to come out. Cartman: What?
Doctor: I think I owe you some ice cream. [a nurse serves Cartman two ice cream sundaes; Cartman shoves them away angrily] Cartman: Fuck your ice cream! You said I'd be fine! You all said I'd be fine! Mrs. Cartman: [wailing] Oh, my baby! Cartman: No! Noooo!
High School Student #2: [after Cartman introduces himself to the class as their new teacher] What the hell is this?!
Cartman: [passing out papers to the high school students] And pass it to the amigo behind you. High School Student #3: Hey, man, what the hell do you think you're doing? High School Student #4: Yeah. Cartman: Mr. Cartmanez is here to make sure you all get into college.
Cartman: [repeated in a Latino accent) How do I reach these kids?
Wendy's Mom: Wendy, have you been bullying kids at school? Wendy: What? No! Wendy's Mom: Well, do you want to explain why this little boy's mother had to come talk to us?
Cartman: Kenny, you're gonna let a girl put her mouth on your wiener? Do you know how disgusting that is? Girls' mouths are full of germs!
Cartman: Just because you have condoms doesn't mean you're safe, Kenny! Statistically speaking, the most bacteria-ridden place on the planet is the mouth of an American woman! And you're gonna let that near your penis?! Kenny: Yep! Woohoo!
Butters: A ring that says you'd be together but not have sex. Isn't that called a wedding ring?
Jonas Brothers Song: Tell me how I was to know/You would take your love and go?/Was it 'cuz I wanted to wait 'til we were married to put my arm around you?/The seasons change, baby, and the world goes round and round and round.
Cartman: Well, well, well, here he comes, it's B.J. McKay and his best friend Bear.
[The Jonas Brothers just finished spraying fire extinguishers into the concert audience] TV Host: That's great, boys. You like taking the Jonas Brothers' hot foam in your faces, girls?
Tammy: Let's take off these rings, Ken! Let's take them off and just be kids again! There will be plenty of time to wear rings and be boring and lame when we reach our mid-30s and will be boring and lame anyway!
Repeated Line: Who is Mysterion?
Cartman: Who is the Coon?
CEO: Mmmm, no I can't do that yeah no.
Accountant: Okay, we put your money in the bank AND IT'S GONE! Stan: What?! Accountant: Sir, please, you're holding up the line.
Randy: We must stop pointing fingers! Finger pointing gets us nowhere-- [points to man] Steve!
Randy: The economy is our shepherd, we shall not want.
Randy: It stopped being funny when air came out her vagina, Sharon!
Katie: I'm so excited and queefy!
Wendy: [hopefully] Hey, Stan. You wanna maybe study together after school? Stan: What? No way, dude! Today's the day!
Jimmy: Say, Eric, do you like fishsticks? Cartman: Yeah? Jimmy: Do you like putting fish dicks in your mouth? Cartman: Yeah? Jimmy: Well, what are you, Eric? A gay fish? Cartman: [thinks for a second] Fish...dicks. Aww, dude, that is funny as shit!
Kanye West: I'm a motherfuckin' lyrical wordsmith motherfuckin' genius!
Craig: Yeah, and if I had wheels I'd be a wagon.
[Kanye comes into the room with Cartman and Jimmy and his goons begin smashing everything] Cartman: Dude, it's Puff Daddy!
Randy: Oh shit, it's Baby Fark McGeezax!
Cartman: [repeated line] Da fuck?
Ike: Make Billy Mays go away, Kyle!
Ike: [whispering] I...see...dead celebrities...
Cartman: [on Stan's assertion that he doesn't get 'underwear blood' when eating Chipotle] Well, how nice for you, Stan. You may have a Golden Rectum of the Gods, but the rest of us need Chipotl-Away!
Butters: Do you know what I am saying?
Skeeter: You'd better take your gay porn and walk right out of this bar.
Japanese People: [repeated line] Fakku you wharuu and fakku you dorufeen!
Cartman: Stan, me and Kenny don't give two shits about stupid ass whales!
[Cartman, Kyle and Kenny are playing Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" on Rock Band] Cartman: [to the tune of Poker Face] I wanna roll with him a hard pair we will be I don't give a crap about whales so go and hug a tree
Stan: Wait, we can't just lie to people. Paul Watson: Why not? Stan: 'Cause then we're just douchebags, dude. C'mon let's get hardcore! Paul Watson: You know what? He's right. It's time to bring out the big guns. You guys ready? Ready and throw the stinky butter at 'em!
Stan: Admit you just want to be on TV. Kenny: I just want to be on TV. Cartman: [whispers] Kenny! [aloud] I deserve to be on TV.
Cartman: Your show is fucking gay dude! Northwestern crewmember: Your show is fucking gay!
Stan: Dolphins and whales were framed by the real bombers. A chicken and a cow. Emperor Akihito: [upon discovering "real" Hiroshima bombers] Chicken and Cow? CHICKEN AND COW?! Yukio Hatoyama: CHICKEN AND COW USED POOR DOLPHIN AND WHALE AS A SCAPEGOAT?! THIS IS OUTRAGE!
Stan: Wait for it...wait for it.. Now! [reveals Godzilla]
Japanese People: Fakku you Cow! Fakku you Chicken! Randy: [upon seeing the Japanese killing cows and chickens] Great job son. Now the Japanese are normal, like us.
Cartman: Excuse me. Excuse me! HEY ASSHOLES! Motorcycle Driver: What did you say?
Motorcycle Driver: Hey! We roll how we roll, and if people are annoyed or intimidated by it, that's too bad for them!
Cartman: The only people who need to dress up and be as loud and obnoxious as possible are you guys and 16-year-old girls. Just wanted to you let know, you're fucking fags.
Ike: [upon seeing the motorcycle gang] FAGS!
Randy: [upon seeing the motorcycle gang] FAGS!
Mayor: You four turdballs in my office NOW!
Recurring line: We have a turd in the punchbowl. I repeat, we have a turd in the punchbowl.
Elin Nordegren: [recurring line] You motherfucker! I never should've married you!
Cartman: You're telling us this book is filthy, inappropriate and made a guy shoot the King of Hippies?! Can we please read this, right now?!
Billy: Do you want to do it? Cartman: Do i want to do it? Does the pope help pedophiles get away with their crimes? Billy: Excellent.
Cartman: Is that something I'd want to do? Is the Pope Catholic, and making the world safe for pedophiles?
Cartman: I told your mom you got an F on that social studies test. Billy: You wouldnt do that. Cartman: Does a bear crap in the woods? And does the pope crap on the broken lives and dreams of 200 deaf boys?
Rob Reiner: [talking about Mecha-Streisand] Power her up! Release the Kiken!
Scott Tenorman: Revenge is a dish best served...chili!
Freddy Krueger: [Kills Woodsy Owl from behind] There's a real hoot for ya, Woodsy!
Newsreader: The boys state that there also used to be a member named the Coon actually in the group, but they let him go because he was being quote: "a dick".
Toolshed: Mysterion, if Cartman's gone why are we still calling ourselves "Coon and Friends"? Mysterion: Because it pisses Cartman off beyond belief and I find that [laughs] extremely funny.
[When asking about the cult of Cthulhu meetings] Mysterion: What happened at those meetings? Stuart McCormick: Trust us, we don't remember. I know it sounds hard to believe but we were actually really drunk the entire time. Mysterion: I don't find that hard to believe at all.
Red Goth: I'm so freaking stoked that Cthulhu is gonna squash all the happy-go-lucky conformists. Goth Leader: Yeah. I just hope he puts an end to the fucking Disney Channel.
[Sometime later the boys are talking about their next move for a good deed] Mysterion: [annoyed] You guys have no memory of me shooting myself in the head, do you? Toolshed: [laughs] What?
Japanese man: NO! I WILL NOT EAT IF THEY ARE FORCED TO EAT MY POO!
Funnybot: Exterminate!
"What a great day for Canadians everywhere! The Winnipeg drummers, playing the "March of 1000 Farts"...as is traditional for the Canadian Royal Family."
"People in attendance, now gently tossing Cap'n Crunch as the prince passes by...as of course is tradition."
"Ah, here she comes! Yes, there she is! The aboot-to-be princess of Canada. Isn't she ravishing? So pure of heart, so strong in body, so hot in the face....She is indeed the living symbol of our greatly country. My God, she's beautiful."
Scott: (loud, booming voice) Fee-Fi-Fo-Fum I smell Kraft dinna.
Stan:[He snaps in Class] God shut up, Everyone shut the fuck up.
Craig:Exclusive: "Stan Marsh thinks Elize Thomson has a hot buttcrack." Stan:What?
Stan: What's funny about having our private emails hacked into?! Wendy: Especially when they're writing about your boyfriend's addiction to crack!
Cartman: And then... and then Wendy... said they were the 99% and that I was the 1% and that made me not ceeuuwwl! Natalie Portman: "Hmmmm... no!"
Cartman: "Did you guys know that when you stop menstruating, it's called menopause?" Stan: "What?" Cartman: "Yeah, God takes your period away, and apparently it makes you really irritable. I was thinking that might be why Kyle's been so grouchy lately."
Repeated Line: I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!
Eric Cartman: Your momma's so poor she can't even pay attention!
Eric Cartman: My momma's so poor she walks down the street in one shoe, and if you ask her if she lost a shoe, she says 'No I found one!'
Mysterion: Karen McCormick is off limits!, do you understand? Make sure everybody in this school knows!
Carol McCormick: (yelling) Both of you are pieces of shit. Sit the fuck down!
Child Service Agent: (crying) ITS LIKE A PENN STATE HOMECOMING PARTY!!!
Eric Cartman: (singing) I'm not, I'm not, that's right. The poor kid at schoooooool.
Cartman: Come on, Stan. Let's make the bus stop. [a bus is sent driving through the town when Cartman jumps to the road] Stop the car! [a
Cartman: (To Kyle) You know all those times I called you a stupid jew? I didn't mean it. You're not a jew.
"Well I'm gonna kick you in the nuts"
"How about a courtesy lick before I get FUCKED!!!"
"God dammit, your family's poor, Kenny! I don't like Kenny any more you guys, he just doesn't communicate."("Pinkeye", Cartman is trying to upset zombie Kenny)
"Hippieeees.... Hippieees all around me, they say they wanna save the world but all they do is smoke pot and smell bad." ("Cherokee Hair Tampons" when talking in his sleep, having nightmares)
"If there's one thing I've learned, it's that the only way to fight hate....is with more hate!!!" ("Ginger Kids", ep.9-11)
"Drugs are bad because if you do drugs you're a hippie and hippies suck." ("Ike's Wee Wee", ep. 2-5)
"Yeah, whatever, you can suck my balls." (Appears in many episodes; in different forms)
"SVINKTOR!"
"You will respect my Authori-tah!" When Cartman worked as a Cop ("ChickenLover", ep.2-4) When Cartman was Deputized by the Department of the Interior ("Jakovasaurs", ep.3-5) When Cartman was re-enacting General Lee ("The Red Badge of Gayness", ep.3-14)
I hate you, Kenny. (repeated in numerous episodes, usually just said at a completely random moment.) Screw you guys, I'm going home! I'm not following this hippie around any more. "But maaaaaaayyyyyyym!"
" Now it may appear in the picture that I'm actually looking at the camera lens and smiling,with the penis in my mouth, and giving a thumbs up, but I assure you I was fast asleep. " ("Cartman Sucks")
"Son of a bitch ! What the fuck do you think you`re doing Butters !! Go do what you were sent to do dickface !! "
Damnn Kennnn .. "
Whateva! I do what I want! " ("Freak Strike", "My Future Self n' Me")
BEEFCAKKEEE ! (Weight Gain 4000)
(Discovering he can create electricity by swearing) FUCK, SHIT, COCK, ASS, TITTIES, BONER, BITCH, MUFF, PUSSY, COCK, BUTTHOLE, BARBRA STREISAND!!! (Shoots lightning bolts from his hands) (South Park: Bigger, Longer, & Uncut)
I'm not fat, I'm big boned. (Cartman Gets an Anal Probe)
Just to go to the dumb moon? (Free Willzyx)
Ow! That hurts you butt licker. (Cartman Gets an Anal Probe)
FAGGOT! (Le Petit Tourette)
[Walkie-talkie names by Cartman] Blacky; Fagot (Imaginationland)
Dude, you don't shoot a guy in the DICK! (The China Probrem)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, what I said was: "how would you like to suck my balls, Mr. Garrison?" (South Park movie)
Screw you guys, home!!!!!!!!
Priest: I haven't seen you in church lately. Kyle: Well, I'm Jewish. Priest: You're not too Jewish to worship Jesus, are you? Kyle: I guess not.(Spontaneous Combustion)
"I think the rabbit just crapped on my jacket .."(Fantastic Easter Special)
"Cartman that is the stupidest thing you've ever said, this week!"
Cartman: "But why would Scott Tenorman sell me his pubes for $10?" Kyle: "Because, retard, you're dumb enough to buy Scott Tenorman's pubes for $10!" (Scott Tenorman Must Die)
"Jesus Christ!"
Stan: "Oh."(It Hits The Fan)
"Goddamn it. Just...goddamn it."
Cartman: "Isn't it cool?" Kyle: "No, it's not cool!"
"Screw you, Fatass!"
Cartman: "Kyle, you are so full of meecrob!" Kyle: "I am not full of meecrah-wha?"(It Hits The Fan)
"OH, COME ON!!"
"You Bastards!"
"Come on, children. Let's go find ourselves a nice white woman to make love to." (It Hits The Fan)
"I wanna make love to you woman, I wanna lay you down by the fire!"
"There's a time and a place for everything, and it's called college. Do you understand?" (Ike's Wee Wee)
Chef: "Why hello there, children" The boys: "Hey Chef!" Chef: "How's it goin'?" The boys: "Bad." Chef: "Why bad?"
"You go to hell! You go to hell and you DIE!!" (Cartman Gets An Anal Probe, Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut, Chef aid and Summer Sucks) "Hey, there, shitty shitty fag, shitty shitty fag, how do you do ?" (It Hits The Fan)
"No, that's wrong, Cartman. But don't worry. There are no stupid answers, just stupid people."
"Now that's a whore!" (Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset)
"I'm not gay; I'm a woman." (Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina)
"That was not me, it was Mister Hat." (Cherokee Hair Tampons)
"Life isn't fair kiddo, get used to it!" (Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride)
"Awww scissor me timbers" (D-Yikes)
"Myyyyy baaaallls!" (Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina)
"Bzzt! Wrong! Try again, dumbass! [laughs]" (to Officer Barbready) (Chicken lover)
"Bzzt! Turd! Did you heard that Mister Hat? I sure did Mister Garrison!" (Chicken lover)
"You fag!"
"Get an AIDS test Thompson, cus' your wife's a dude, faggot!" (Eek! A penis!)
"Well, I'm afraid that your kid Kyle and his friends have to start kindergarten and 1st grade or they'll lose the town for a month and 4 days in a week and a half."
"Oh my God! They killed Kenny!" "Dad! Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet!" ("Trapped in the Closet")
Kyle: Stan? Do you really think my hat is stupid? Stan: As a matter of fact, I believe it is the nicest hat I have ever known. (Follow That Egg)
"Butters was missing?" (Butters' Very Own Episode)
Stan: "This is some pretty fucked up shit right here!"
"Cartman, what the hell are you doing with aborted fetuses?!" ("Kenny Dies")
Kenny: "Mrph, Mrph, Mrph, Mrph." Kenny: "Yes, you can." Kenny: "Fuck you" Kenny: "Shit"
Unmuffled lines
Kenny: Goodbye, you guys.
Kenny: NOO! NO, NOT THE SOCKS!
Kenny: You guys owe me big time for this. Stan: Hey, at least you're finally doing something.
Kenny: Wait-wait-wait, I'm not Blanket! Aggh! AHH, STOP!
Butters: Oh, Hamburgers!
Butters: I don't want to do it if it hurts or if it makes you get all sticky.
Butters: [Butters is holding a Barbie doll on his right hand, while he holds his cut out of himself on his left hand.] "Hey there, Butters, wanna slap my titties around?" Uh, no thanks, ma'am. I might get grounded again.
Wendy: Hi, Stan. [gets puked by Stan] Eww!
Wendy: Don't fuck with Wendy Testaburger!
Wendy: He doesn't even know what he wrote about!
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: What line of work are you in? Tony Soprano: Waste management consultant.
Livia Soprano: Well, all I know is, daughters are better at taking care of their mothers than sons. Tony Soprano: Yeah, and I bought CDs for a broken record.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: With today's pharmacology, no one needs to suffer with feelings of exhaustion and depression. Tony Soprano: Here we go. Here comes the Prozac.
Christopher Moltisanti: Louis Brazzi sleeps with the fishes. Big Pussy Bonpensiero: Luca Brasi. Luca... Christopher Moltisanti: Whatever.
Uncle Junior: (to Tony) You may run North Jersey but you don't run your Uncle Junior. How many fucking hours did I spend playing catch with you?
Tony Soprano: You know, you got a reputation for immaturity, and its not gonna be improved by not paying the tributes the acting boss demands of you. Brendan Filone: Acting boss my ass Ton'. Come on, everybody knows you really run things since Jackie became the Chemosabe.
Brendan Filone: Un-fuckin'-believable. We just returned maybe the biggest score of my whole year. Christopher Moltisanti: Listen you fuck! Uncle Junior's been breakin' Tony's balls 'cuz you hijacked that truck. You're lucky Tony doesn't shove the cab up your ass.
Mikey Palmice: I think you should've taken care of this Christopher Moltisanti thing the minute it first happened. You should've sent a clear-cut signal... You fuck with Junior Soprano- Uncle Junior: Take it easy. We're not making a western here.
Hunter Scangarelo: We wanna score some crystal. Brendan Filone: Yeah, you got money? Christopher Moltisanti: Shut up, you ain't givin' them shit. Meadow Soprano: Why not? Christopher Moltisanti: How 'bout for starters your father will put a bullet in my head.
Brendan Filone: So why don't you call Tony, so he can call Junior, and see if we can change the fucking channel.
Brendan Filone: Kids, you think you can protect 'em, well you can't.
Christopher Moltisanti: This ain't negotiation time. This is Scarface, final scene, fuckin' bazookas under each arm, 'say hello to my little friend!' Silvio Dante: Always with the scenarios.
Uncle Junior: Hear about the Chinese godfather? He made them an offer they couldn't understand.
Christopher Moltisanti: Brendan's dead. His brains are floatin' in his bathtub. Message job, through the eye. Big Pussy Bonpensiero: Moe Greene Special.
Christopher Moltisanti: Clipping a famous rat would put me a cunt hair away from being made.
Tony Soprano: I'm in the waste management business. Everybody immediately assumes you're mobbed up. It's a stereotype, and it's offensive.
Tony Soprano: My father was in it. My uncle was in it. Maybe I was too lazy ta think for myself.
Christopher Moltisanti: Yo. Tony Soprano: What do ya got? Christopher Moltisanti: Wet shoes. Tony Soprano: Hey, you chose this life. You don't wanna work in the rain, try for the fuckin' Yankees.
Mikey Palmice: (to Rusty Irish) Listen to me. I'm gonna give you a break. I'm gonna give you a break. When I toss you over... If you can fly, I won't shoot you down.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: What's the one thing, every woman, your mother, your wife, your daughter, have in common? Tony Soprano: They all break my balls.
Tony Soprano: I was proud to be Johnny Soprano's kid. When he beat the shit out of that guy, I went to the class, I told them how tough my father was.
Livia Soprano: He goes to talk about his mother. That's what he's doing. He talks about me, he complains. 'She didn't do this, she did that.' Oh, I gave my life to my children on a silver platter, and this is how he repays me.
Uncle Junior: I bet that gym teacher shit a brick when your little friend puked on his boots, huh Anthony? (Anthony Junior laughs) Tony Soprano: Wanna encourage him Uncle Jun'? Uncle Junior: Hey, whatever happened ta boys will be boys? Carmela Soprano: He stole from the church.
Old Woman: How come he's not in school? Livia Soprano: Because he was a bad boy.
Tony Soprano: (to Dr. Jennifer Melfi) Don't start talkin' ta me about legitimate business. What about chemical companies? Dumpin' all that shit into the rivers and they get all these deformed babies poppin' all over the place.
Bakery Clerk: You motherfucker! You shot my foot! Christopher Moltisanti: It happens.
Georgie: Fucking amazing though, huh? You know what, that news guy, he said the words Brendan Filone, I'm telling you, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. I mean, I knew the guy.
Christopher Moltisanti: I got no identity. Even Brendan Filone's got an identity, he's dead.
Meadow Soprano: Boot your computer, the cops are coming. Anthony Junior: So? Meadow Soprano: You want them to see all that porno you downloaded? Anthony Junior: Shit.
Anthony Junior: Hey grandma how come yous not supposed to breathe in a cemetery? Livia Soprano: Who says? Uncle Junior: It's a joke for chrissakes...say why. Anthony Junior: 'Cuz you'll make the dead people jealous.
Coach Don Hauser: You tell your friends I know all about them. Paulie Walnuts: If you did, you'd do what they want. Coach Don Hauser: Heh...is that a threat? How quickly things change. Let me tell you something Guido... Paulie Walnuts: My name is Clarence.
Charmaine Bucco: Your mobster friend gonna do something crazy? Artie Bucco: If I had any balls I would do it myself.
Massive Genius: You people are alright. Godfather? I've seen that movie 200 times. Godfather II was definitely the shit. The third one, a lot of people didn't like it, but I think it was just misunderstood.
Carmela Soprano: You know, Tony, it's a multiple choice thing with you. 'Cause I can't tell if you're old-fashioned, you're paranoid, or just a fucking asshole.
Christopher Moltisanti: Hey, whose fuckin' welfare check you gotta cash to get a burger around here?!
Friend: Hey, did you ever see that picture of Galante dead with a cigar hangin' out of his mouth. Dr. Bruce Cusamano: It's a fuckin' beautiful hit.
Massive Genius: Bold men make bold statements. Christopher Moltisanti: Why'd they send you over, I'm lookin' for a burger, not converted rice!
Tony Soprano: Jimmy and Pussy. Two fat fucks with black hair.
Mikey Palmice: I may be getting bumped up a notch or two. Tony Soprano's on his way out, and I mean as in forever. Jojo Palmice: Oh, my god. He's going to jail? Mikey Palmice: No, the other forever...
Tony Soprano: So, your father tells me you're takin' up uh...astronomy in college. Kevin Bonpensiero: No...business. Tony Soprano: Well, how come he keeps sayin' you're takin' up space in school?
Donnie Paduana: They'll do it fucking tomorrow, my personal guarantee. Mikey Palmice: Let me tell you something Donnie, if they don't, some hikers are gonna find your personal guarantee rolled up in a tube and shoved up your ass, you understand?
Jimmy Altieri: I got enough cologne on? Christopher Moltisanti: You smell like Paco Rabanne crawled up your ass and died. Jimmy Altieri: Whoah, easy for you to say. I don't get young ones like before.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: I have patients who are suicidal! Tony Soprano: Well they're not gonna feel any better about their life if you get clipped.
Psychiatrist: I watch the news like everyone else. I know who you are, and I saw "Analyze This". I don't need the ramifications that could arise from treating someone like yourself. Tony Soprano: "Analyze This"? Come on, it's a fucking comedy.
Christopher Moltisanti: Shut up about that! Adriana La Cerva: Why, they're still gonna kiss your ass. They don't care if you're a junkie.
Raymond Curto: You heard about Jimmy Altieri, right? Big Pussy Bonpensiero: Yeah, flipped...fuckin' ass hole. Paulie Walnuts: He had two ass holes when they buried 'im.
Tony Soprano: I think it's time for you to start to seriously consider salads. Bobby Baccilieri: What do you mean? Tony Soprano: What do I mean? I mean get off my car before you flip it over, you fat fuck.
Black Guy: We wanna talk to your foreman. Christopher Moltisanti: You wanna talk to the foreskin? Black Guy: You a wise ass motherfucker huh? Christopher Moltisanti: Well, keep your mother off the streets and I won't fuck her!
Bobby Baccilieri: To the victor, belongs the spoils. Tony Soprano: Why don't you get the fuck outta here before I shove your quotations book up your fat fuckin' ass.
Richie Aprile: Did you ever meditate? Beansie Gaeta: Me, meditate? Ha, are you crazy? Richie Aprile: Not as crazy as I used to be, still crazy enough to take an eye out.
Paulie Walnuts: Hey, I remember every blowjob I ever got. How 'bout you, you remember your first blowjob? Silvio Dante: Yeah, of course. Paulie Walnuts: How long did it take for the guy to come?
Tony Soprano: I thought I told you to back the fuck off Beansie. Richie Aprile: I did, then I put it in drive.
Meadow Soprano: It wasn't my fault. Tony Soprano: If I had a quarter for every time I heard that since you learned ta talk, I'd have a private jet on twenty four hour standby.
Meadow Soprano: I could've taken ecstasy but I didn't. Anthony Junior: Don't puke on the floor. Tony Soprano: What're you doin' up! Go ta bed. Anthony Junior: She fools around with ecstasy and you yell at me?
Annalisa Zucca: My husband? Fuck you. He is never coming back. So you have to fucking deal with me. Tony Soprano: Up your ass.
Tony Soprano: I can't watch this again. Silvio Dante: This is a DVD, it's the advanced bootleg. Paulie Walnuts: These are the alternative takes, Ton'. Tony Soprano: What, you gonna call Coppola and give ideas how to fix it?
Worker: Commendatori, you are already checked in. Paulie Walnuts: Commendatori, like a commander, I like that, that's respect.
Paulie Walnuts: Ton', you give this guy a golf club, he'll probably try to fuck it.
Paulie Walnuts: (about DVD's) Somebody should tell Paramount Pictures ta get their shit together. We're gonna be stealin' thousands more o' these things.
Tony Soprano: Jesus fuckin' Christ. How come every piss I take is a fuckin' news story?
Richie Aprile: You crossed the line on me once, Anthony, and I held my tongue. She may be your sister, but back the fuck off. You know, all due respect. Tony Soprano: Respect? What the fuck do you know about respect? I put you back in business, you cocksucker.
Christopher Moltisanti: (about Furio Giunta) He's with us now? Tony Soprano: Uhuh... Christopher Moltisanti: Guess I didn't get the memo. Tony Soprano: Would you have read it if you got one?
Johnny Sack: Don't get up. Big Pussy Bonpensiero: I wasn't gonna. Johnny Sack: You piece of shit.
Christopher Moltisanti: Aight come on Rich. Richie Aprile: Get your hand offa me, I'll put one in your head.
Tony Soprano: Back off and respect the title you fuckin' jerk off. Richie Aprile: It's your ball. You make the rules. Tony Soprano: No, I don't make 'em, they've always been there.
Richie Aprile: You got some fuckin' balls, you know that? David Scatino: What I do? Richie Aprile: I should stab you in the fuckin' eye!
Richie Aprile: How did you get in here? (To David Scatino) Tony Soprano: Same as you. Through the front door.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Sounds to me like Anthony Jr. may have stumbled onto existentialism. Tony Soprano: Fuckin' internet.
Livia Soprano: I know your father forbids your comin' down here. Anthony Junior: He doesn't. Honest. He just doesn't want us ta talk about you in the house. Livia Soprano: Well, you can go shit in his hat.
Adriana La Cerva: Jon Favreau? He's great. He's also a writer. You should show him your script. Christopher Moltisanti: Swingers? He can suck my dick. That swings too.
Matthew Bevilaqua: To kick upstairs to Tony Soprano would be an honor. Sean Gismonte: He the man. Christopher Moltisanti: I thought you said I was the man. He the man, I the man, who the man? Sean Gismonte: Are vee not men?
Richie Aprile: You know, maybe when I'm over there, I could fuck his wife.
Sean Gismonte: Is that all Tony said? Did he say anything else? Christopher Moltisanti: The fuck do ya want 'im ta do? Give ya a kiss on the lips?
Tony Soprano: Do you eat steak? Paulie Walnuts: What the fuck you talkin about? Tony Soprano: If you were in India, you would go to Hell for that.
Paulie Walnuts: There's no denying it. I'm dragging a bunch of fucking ghouls around with me and Mikey's their fucking ringleader.
Tony Soprano: What do you wanna talk about? Richie Aprile: Fucking Dick Barone! Tony Soprano: Well, as long as the two of you are happy.
Michael Mcluhan: Mr. Soprano. I'm Michael Mcluhan from the US Marshals Service, here to reattach your electronic bracelet. Uncle Junior: They give you the important jobs, huh?
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: The RICO Act, Eliot. We sat there and we talked about the fucking RICO Act. Dr. Elliot Kupferberg: You treat different patients, your base of knowledge expands. Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Two years ago, I thought "RICO" was a relative of his.
Big Pussy Bonpensiero: (in German uniform) I know nothing! Nothing! (comedic) Silvio Dante: Ton', I am looking at the fucking history channel here!
Tony Soprano: You don't sell that shit around those routes, you hear me? Richie Aprile: I'm workin' with Junior on this. Tony Soprano: I don't give a shit if you're workin' with Wal-Mart. Knock it the fuck off.
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: You respected my father, you should respect Richie. Tony Soprano: Those who want respect, give respect. Richie Aprile: See, he just told you to shut the fuck up. And he told me to go fuck myself. (To Jackie Jr.)
Tony Soprano: See obviously, Richie, you're fucking deaf, I told you ten times, then I find out you're still dealing blow on those garbage routes. Richie Aprile: For that I'm losing a fucking bid? Tony Soprano: Next time you'll find yourself in the back of one of your trucks.
Tony Soprano: What is that? Irina Peltsin: "Chicken soup for the soul". Tony Soprano: You should read "tomato sauce for your ass", it's the Italian version.
Janice Soprano: What'd you do with him? (about Richie) Tony Soprano: We buried him... On a hill overlooking a little river, with pine cones all around. Janice Soprano: You did? (joyous) Tony Soprano: C'mon Janice, what the fuck? What do you care what we did with him, huh?
Tony Soprano: How long? How much do they know? Big Pussy Bonpensiero: A year and a half. No, less. Silvio Dante: A year and a fucking half you been running your own fucking gossip column? Paulie Walnuts: Motherfucker!! (pushes Pussy angrily)
Big Pussy Bonpensiero: Not in the face okay? You give me that? Huh? Keep my eyes? Paulie Walnuts: You were like a brother to me. Tony Soprano: To all of us.
Tony Soprano: I had a dream I fucked your brains out. Right on that desk, and you loved it. Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Well you threw that at me like a rock.
Tony Soprano: Things are good...what the fuck...Richie Aprile's in the Bermuda Triangle...all my enemies are smoked.
Tony Soprano: (to FBI agents, from his car) Listen, I'll save you some gas, I'm just goin' down ta the stationery store, then I'll be right back. You don't gotta follow me like yesterday. Aight?
Patsy Parisi: I miss him so much. Tony Soprano: Yeah, well that's natural. But you're with us now. So why don't you...uh...leave the morbid shit back at Junior's crew and...uh...have a happy birthday.
Paulie Walnuts: How the fuck would Patsy know we clipped "Spoons"? Tony Soprano: What? That fuckin' twin telepathy...? Paulie Walnuts: Somebody's puttin' ideas in this kid's head.
Carmela Soprano: If you want her to be with him, just keep it up. Keep playing the race card. You're gonna drive her right into his arms. (about Meadow dating Noah) Tony Soprano: Not if I cut off those fuckin' arms.
Tony Soprano: You're a captain, Ralphie, when I say you're a captain. Ralph Cifaretto: And I'm gonna turn up my hearin' aid so I don't miss it.
Uncle Junior: I'm fucking fed up. Tony Soprano: Hey, I'm on the street. That's the arrangement. Stay home, clip your coupons. Be a happy man.
Janice Soprano: I mean...I...I do know what mom's wishes were, but not to have a wake or a funeral, I mean makes us look like we're unloving children, not to mention cheapskates. Tony Soprano: Who gives a shit what it looks like, the woman expressed her wishes.
Christopher Moltisanti: The wife of a made guy doesn't hostess. Adriana La Cerva: I'm so proud of you. I love you Christopher. Christopher Moltisanti: You better.
Janice Soprano: You better hope you have all your shit outta here 'cuz I'm callin' the locksmith.
Dino Zerilli: Look. (Reverting Jackie's attention to Chris) Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Take away Tony Soprano, he's a zero with shoes. Dino Zerilli: Yeah, but he's wearin' a stripe now. Jackie Aprile: My uncle Richie was gonna- Dino Zerilli: Yeah, but he never did.
Svetlana Kirilenko: Bill, don't waste breath, this cunt is gonna be sorry she ever fuck with me!
Silvio Dante: She's so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Paulie Walnuts: Ginny Sacramoni, what she needs is her own zip code.
Paulie Walnuts: She's so fat, she goes campin', the bears have to hide their food.
Furio Giunta: I like a woman you can grab onto something. Paulie Walnuts: You grab onto Ginny Sacrimoni, your fuckin' hands'll disappear.
Gigi Cestone: Jersey's a small state, she moves in...she could tip it over.
Tony Soprano: Alright, obviously you told the cops you don't know who did this. Vito Spatafore: I'm upset. But please, I know how to keep my mouth shut. Ralph Cifaretto: Oh unless of course there's a salami sandwich around.
Carmela Soprano: Maybe the fact that you stick your dick into anything with a pulse...you ever thought of exploring that as a root cause?
Vito Spatafore: He's gonna be a vegetable, Tony! A fuckin' retard! Tony Soprano: No, he's gonna be fine. Ralph Cifaretto: Well, look at the bright side. He wasn't that smart to begin with!
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Just say the word. My fuckin' pleasure! Tony Soprano: Why don't you go grab us some coffee. Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Come on, are you kiddin'?! Paulie Walnuts: Better yet, go to the ear, nose, and throat department. Get your hearin' checked.
Ralph Cifaretto: Oh, what? Not even a hello? Tracee: Fuck you, asshole. Ralph Cifaretto: Oh that's nice. Very nice. That's how you talk to a man in front of his friends? Tracee: Yeah, right...what man!?
Ralph Cifaretto: I have come to reclaim Rome for my people.
Gigi Cestone: They're gonna find this piece o' shit in a trunk someday.
Ralph Cifaretto: Skipper! Where's Tony? Gigi Cestone: Gettin' his weasel greased. Ralph Cifaretto: Oh, your kid brother's here.
Ralph Cifaretto: I have to start taking care of your for the baby. If it's a boy, we'll name him Ralph after me. If it's a girl, we'll name her Tracee after you, this way she can grow up to be a cock-sucking slob just like her mother.
Christopher Moltisanti: I'm not fuckin' kiddin' Tony. He's a sick fuck. He was sniffin' her fuckin' panties. Tony Soprano: What? Christopher Moltisanti: You heard me.
Furio Giunta: You know, there are worse things that can happen to a person than cancer.
Uncle Junior: Anthony is a cunt hair away from owning all of Northern Jersey. And I am that cunt hair.
Tony Soprano: Well...you know, you're gettin' better. That's the important thing. You look better too. Uncle Junior: If you're gonna lie to me, tell me there's a broad waitin' in the car who wants to tongue my balls. Tony Soprano: Hey you want that, it's a phone call away.
Uncle Junior: No need. You say sign, I sign. You tell me to take a crap on the deck o' the Queen Mary, an hour later, they're hosin' it down with disinfectant.
Gigi Cestone: What's wrong with you? The skips here. Ralph Cifaretto: I'm on a roll here... Gigi Cestone: You'll be on a slab you keep it up.
Mary DeAngelis: (bell rings) Oh my God!!! Who could that be!!! Carmela Soprano: It's the Boston Strangler...Jesus, Ma.
Ralph Cifaretto: I'm tellin' ya John, he's not leavin' me a lot of options here. Johnny Sack: Don't talk crazy. You wanna commit suicide, pills are a lot easier.
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: You should get the nurse to help you...that's what they get paid for...maybe she'll be fine and give you a cheap thrill.
Tony Soprano: Don't tell me you were happier when she was goin' out with that uh...Jamaal Ginsburg, the hasidic homeboy.
Paulie Walnuts: Pussy...I loved that cocksucker like a brother and he fucked me in the ass.
Silvio Dante: One thing you gotta admit, he made a great Santa Claus. Tony Soprano: He did. Paulie Walnuts: In the end, fuck Santa Claus.
Bobby Baccilieri: (in Santa suit) You were just here. Kid: I was not. Bobby Baccilieri: Yeah you were. You were on my lap five minutes ago. Kid: No, I wasn't. Bobby Baccilieri: Yes you were. Now you're goin' on Santa's list and you're gettin' nothin'! Kid: Fuck you, Santa.
Paulie Walnuts: You said yourself I hit 'im in the head. Fuckin' Rasputin this guy.
Bobby Baccilieri: One time we went huntin'. Saw a sign said 'Bear Left.' (pause) So we went home.
Christopher Moltisanti: I think he's dyin'. Paulie Walnuts: Must've cracked his windpipe. That's it fer him. Christopher Moltisanti: What, are you a fuckin' doctor now? What're we gonna do?
Paulie Walnuts: You're not gonna believe this. He killed sixteen Czechoslovakians. Guy was an interior decorator. (about Valery) Christopher Moltisanti: His house looked like shit.
Dino Zerilli: Since we're kickin' up, we were hopin' you could, you know, watch our back? Ralph Cifaretto: 350 buys you a hello. Watchin' your back...that's gonna require a little more initiative on your part.
Ralph Cifaretto: There was this old, old moustache named Feech La Manna. Now what the hell Feech meant, who the fuck knows, but he was made on the other side, so you know, he was an original. Dino Zerilli: He was an O.G.! Ralph Cifaretto: Whatever.
Kelli Aprile: My brother's whole stupid pathetic dream was to follow in our father's footsteps. What, I got to paint a picture? He was killed by some fat fuck in see-through socks. Take your pick, they all look alike.
Paulie Walnuts: You're late. Ralph Cifaretto: Well, tomorrow I could be on time, but you'll be stupid forever.
Paulie Walnuts: I can't believe this! Ralph Cifaretto: Why not? Last year, you believed a flyin' saucer was over East Rutherford.
Murf Lupo: We had a little scare. Thought it was a shunt in his heart, he passed some gas. He seems better. (about Uncle Junior) Uncle Junior: Why don't you go on Joe Franklin, tell the whole tri-state area.
Christopher Moltisanti: (about Tony) Fuckin' asshole. Ever since I questioned his judgment on some Ralphie-Jackie Jr. problem. Like he's fuckin' infallible. Pope Tony the twenty third or some shit.
Tony Soprano: And I provide for my children. Carmela Soprano: Yes, Tony. You do. But I don't know how you do it, because you won't tell me. Well, let me tell you something, or you can watch the fucking news...everything comes to an end.
Ralph Cifaretto: I hear Ginny Sack's getting a ninety five pound mole taken off her ass.
Christopher Moltisanti: And don't think I forgot about you goin' through my fuckin' fiance's underwear drawer. Patsy Parisi: That wasn't me you fucking jerk!
Native American Protestor: Mussolini was Hitler's bitch!!!
Carmela Soprano: He was a victim of his time. Anthony Junior: Who cares? It's what he did. Tony Soprano: He discovered America is what he did. He was a brave Italian explorer. And in this house, Christopher Columbus is a hero. End of story.
Carmela Soprano: You bought a racehorse? Tony Soprano: No, I didn't buy it. Carmela Soprano: It followed you home?
Janice Soprano: Bobby...my uncle loves you. He needs you. So you're gonna get up tomorrow morning, and you're gonna get dressed. And you're gonna get in that car and you're gonna do what needs to be done, aren't you?
Tony Soprano: Did you ever know anybody that uh...ever committed suicide? Janice Soprano: Plenty. I used to live in Seattle, Tony.
Assemblyman Ronald Zellman: The heart wants what the heart wants I guess. Tony Soprano: Heart also wants what the dick wants.
Vito Spatafore: What can I get you Paulie? Paulie Walnuts: After four months inside? How 'bout laid?
Silvio Dante: Oh! It's Papillon. (To Paulie) Paulie Walnuts: Oh, hello Sil! How are ya? Christopher Moltisanti: I heard you were gettin' laid up there all the time. Paulie Walnuts: Come here, you little prick. Hello, Chrissy. (Paulie hugs Chris)
Ralph Cifaretto: I like my drinks with extra olives. You should know how your regular customers like their drinks. Adriana La Cerva: My regular customers are the ones who pay.
Valentina La Paz: Like last night, I just wanted him to fuck me, just so I could get back at you, but all he wanted me to do was drip candle wax on his balls and then he went into the bathroom and jerked himself off...now I don't call that having sex with someone.
Paulie Walnuts: I don't understand. When I was a kid, you two were old ladies. Now I'm old, and you two are still old.
Christopher Moltisanti: (shocked at Ralph's wig) Ahhh! Holy shit! I had no idea. Did you? Tony Soprano: 'Course I did. You're so high on scag, you wouldn't know if he had your mother's muff on his head.
Uncle Junior: Me with the competency hearings, you with the head shrinkers, this one in rehab now.
Carmela Soprano: You know how much little Bobby likes you. Anthony Junior: What am I, daycare?
Tony Soprano: Jesus Christ! The money I've been droppin' in here, I could've bought a fuckin' Ferrari. At least I would've got a blowjob outta that.
Minn Matrone: I've been driving since I was a young girl. Paulie Walnuts: Horse and buggies don't count.
Silvio Dante: You have any idea what Albert kicked up last week? Paulie Walnuts: Fuck that fuckin' parakeet. I got a relationship with Tony Albert'll never have. No matter how far he sticks his tongue up Tony's ass.
Carmela Soprano: You always leave your door open like that? Meadow Soprano: I'm cooking, it's hot. Finn DeTrolio: I'll protect her, don't worry. Tony Soprano: Ya hear that? Anybody bothers her he'll knock their teeth out, then he can put 'em back in, too.
Irina Peltsin: (on phone) Is this Mrs. Sopranos? Carmela Soprano: (on phone) Yes it is. Irina Peltsin: I used to fuck your husband.
Carmela Soprano: You call my house again. You ever speak to one of my children again, I will track you down and I will kill you. We have got guns here. I mean it.
Christopher Moltisanti: Like we said, you're gonna keep this quiet. Credenzo Curtis: I got the mouth on the statue nigga. Stanley Johnson: Word.
Paulie Walnuts: Always playin' that blood relation card! Tony's little favorite! Christopher Moltisanti: Fuck you!!!
Tony Soprano: As long as you don't step on anybody's toes... Michele "Feech" La Manna: Me? I'm Fred Astaire.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Of course, what's wrong with me? Tony Soprano: I dunno...but we'll find out. Leave it ta Dr. Tony.
Jack Massarone: So they go through labor, big deal. Try a prostate exam.
Tony Soprano: I tell you, I'm havin' a time. Stay out late. Come home drunk. Fuck anyone I want. Silvio Dante: Yeah, so whats the difference? (Compared to when Tony was married) Tony Soprano: I dunno, it's the mindset.
Tony Soprano: Jesus Christ, I'm gone for one hour, all of a sudden it turns into a fuckin' slumber party. Tony Blundetto: Somebody woke up on the wrong side o' the bed.
Tony Soprano: I'm tellin' ya, I'm havin' a fuckin' time. Stay out late, come home drunk, fuck anyone I want. Silvio Dante: Yeah, so what's the difference?
Lorraine Calluzzo: I'll suck your cock, I'll suck all your cocks!!!! (frantic and afraid) Phil Leotardo: You'll suck our cocks? She any good? (pauses) Why am I askin, you, you probably showed her how. (to Jason Evanina)
Phil Leotardo: Next time, there won't be a next time.
Paulie Walnuts: Which entitles you to shit. In my book, you get points for stayin' out of the can! Michele "Feech" La Manna: Good thing for me then, that your book means UGOTS to me! Now do yourself a fuckin' favor, and get the fuck out of my store!
Angelo Garepe: He's grabbin' with both hands, John. This could get ugly. There's a lotta potential for bloodshed. Jason Evanina: Potential? They almost killed us! Lorraine Calluzzo: Jason, men are talkin' here.
Tony Soprano: Free spirit Janice! Rebel without a cause! While I sit here mired in her bullshit, tryin' to be a good son, while you're off droppin' acid and blowin' roadies! Bobby Baccilieri: ROADIES?!!? Tony Soprano: Oh, you don't wanna know!
Tony Soprano: (to Anthony Junior) Look at your face! If you got some kind of sexual proclivity with that teacher or whatever, now is the time to tell us! I mean, what went on up there! Poppers and weird sex!!
Officer: That your garage? Michele Feech La Manna: Nah, it's where I make the weapons of mass destruction. Officer: Let's go out and open it up. Michele Feech La Manna: You wanna see my fuckin' garage?! You never seen an oil stain before?
Michele Feech La Manna: It's important these young guys know the history. Silvio Dante: Tell 'em 'bout the time...uh...Tony and Jackie Aprile knocked over your card game. (Feech La Manna sighs) Oh, that he doesn't like ta talk about.
Tony Soprano: Nah, I always think. Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Really? Tony Soprano: Yeah. Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Having sex with your mistress' cousin, like the mistress wasn't enough ta piss off your wife.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: For example, you could tell her she means a great deal to you, but you think of her as a daughter. Tony Soprano: Even if I wanna fuck her brains out...?
Carmela Soprano: There are other things to think about. My husband, for one. Robert Wegler: Well your husband's goin' to have to get used to the fact that your life is movin' on. Carmela Soprano: I'm not worried about my life.
Paulie Walnuts: Why do pissin, shittin', and fuckin' all happen within' a two-inch radius? Christopher Moltisanti: Everybody asks that, Paulie. There's no answer for it. Vito Spatafore: They're all sources of pleasure though. Paulie Walnuts: Get the fuck outta here!
Paulie Walnuts: So, how many guys you gotta jerk off on a massage table ta make that? Tony Blundetto: I don't know. What do ya charge without the table.
Uncle Junior: Five hours they let me out for these funerals. I gotta spend it bein' maudlin?
J.T. Dolan: Hi, my name is J.T., I'm an alcoholic and an addict. I'm also a TV writer, which by default makes me a douchebag.
Tony Soprano: (about the absence of his childhood dog) Father told me he took him to live on a farm. Bobby Baccilieri: That's what they always say. That same farm must have seventeen billion dogs on it. Dogshit up ta the rafters.
Phil Leotardo: Somethin's off with the seat! Edward Bonpensiero: What is it Phil?! Phil Leotardo: Feel's off kilter! Try it, Joey! Joe Peeps: You're right! it's off it's axis. Phil Leotardo: It reclines strange too.
Tony Soprano: 'Fritto misto baccala, couple of meatballs too... Hugh DeAngelis: Hey, there he is! Tony Soprano: Hey! Happy Birthday to you, got salsiccia for you!
Silvio Dante: His brains are splattered all over the seat. Paulie Walnuts: Joey Peeps? Couldn't have been too much to clean up.
Tony Soprano: Peeps?! It's a fuckin' nickname! His family name is Pepperelli! Silvio Dante: They're gonna redo it. Fuckin' Jason. He's dyslexic... Tony Soprano: What's that got to do with it?
Janice Soprano: That bitch is lucky I didn't kill her. Tony Soprano: Well we all know that.
Tony Blundetto: They used to call me Ichabod Crane. Christopher Moltisanti: Who? Tony Blundetto: Some very sorry people, that's who.
Dr. Seepman: Janice, you're angry. What are your actual physical feelings right now? Janice Soprano: I'd like to punch you in the face?
Tony Soprano: Carlo was told it was a go. If it didn't happen, how come nobody called? Johnny Sack: A lotta things didn't happen that seem like they happen...your cousin didn't whack Joey, the Vespas never got into my hands.
Janice Soprano: That bitch is lucky I didn't kill her. Tony Soprano: Well, we know that. Bobby Baccilieri: What? Tony Soprano: You and your fuckin' temper Janice.
Tony Soprano: You know douchebag, I realize I'm dreamin'. Mikey Palmice: I got no opinion, one way or the other.
Tony Soprano: You know what I been thinkin' about lately? Charmaine Bucco. Tony Blundetto: Nice set on her. Tony Soprano: No, not like that. Well, maybe like that.
Tony Soprano: Where are we goin'? Ralph Cifaretto: Drivin' you ta the job.
Vin Makazian: (taking a piss) Oh, that feels good. Tony Soprano: You don't do this no more, huh? Vin Makazian: No.
Coach Molinaro: I suppose you blame it on your father when you're cryin' ta that shrink of yours. Tony Soprano: No, more my mother. Coach Molinaro: Of course, even better.
Tony Soprano: Like Popeye says, I yam what I yam. Carmela Soprano: Well I didn't marry a cartoon character.
Christopher Moltisanti: That's the guy Adriana. My uncle Tony. The guy I'm goin' to hell for.
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Billy Leotardo. What the hell was that? Eddie Pietro: This Blundetto asshole went off the reservation.
Silvio Dante: I've been your consigliere for a lot of years- Tony Soprano: Don't go through a fuckin' preamble, just tell me what's on your mind!
Deanne Pontecorvo: Did you talk ta Tony? Eugene Pontecorvo: Looks good. He gave me a hug. Deanne Pontecorvo: Did he like the watches? Eugene Pontecorvo: Do I know my psychology? (sarcastic)
Uncle Junior: The phone keeps ringin'. And then they hang up. Tony Soprano: Probably salespeople. Uncle Junior: I know who it is. Tony Soprano: Pussy Malanga...I know. We'll get J. Edgar Hoover right on it.
Christopher Moltisanti: Vito already pulls down more scratch than anybody, from the unions. Paulie Walnuts: Let 'im go ta the hospital first. That fat fuckin' kiss-ass. I'm buyin' Tony a nice little stereo fer the room. Christopher Moltisanti: He don't need that.
Paulie Walnuts: How's the skip doin'? Vito Spatafore: Same. You forget somethin'? Like my cut? Paulie Walnuts: You believe this guy? You should've lost some weight in that nose, keep it outta everybody's business. I'm workin' on it.
Tony Soprano: Well, here I am. Back. Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Yup. Tony Soprano: So, let me ask you right off, is there any chance of a mercy fuck?
Christopher Moltisanti: Allegra... ain't that a cold medicine? Paulie Walnuts: Means happiness in Italian. Christopher Moltisanti: The fuck's that got to do with cold medicine?
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: Sociologists say that twenty six is in fact the new twenty one. Tony Soprano: And the new twenty six is what? I'm forty six, so that means I'm what, thirty five?
Carlo Gervasi: Anyway, Bobby's vision's fucked now. They're hopin' the repair will take. I mean, he could be a candidate for a cornea transplant. Tony Soprano: He should be a candidate for a brain transplant.
Bobby Baccilieri: Vito. He was found beat to death this morning in a motel in Fort Lee. My cop up there told me. Patsy Parisi: Minchia. Bobby Baccilieri: Plus the homicide detectives told him Vito had a pool cue rammed up his ass.
Dr. Jennifer Melfi: You came out of that shooting feeling each day is a gift. Well, this is a corollary to that. Tony Soprano: A what? Dr. Jennifer Melfi: You don't have to eat every dish of rigatoni. You don't have to fuck every female you meet.
Carmela Soprano: I told you. I had another dream about Ade in Paris. A French policeman told me she was dead and I had to tell her. Tony Soprano: I know, Carm. Pepe Le Pew.
Julianna Skiff: (after sex with Chris) You ruined my dress. Christopher Moltisanti: Save it. Like Monica Lewinsky. Show your friends how hard you made me come.
Tony Soprano: (About killing a person) You know, come ta think of it, you never popped your cherry in that regard, right? Bobby Baccilieri: No. Tony Soprano: Yet your old man was the fuckin' terminator.
Bobby Baccilieri: (about playing Monopoly) You know, the Parker Brothers took time ta think this all out. I think we should respect that. Janice Soprano: Fuck the Parker Brothers. Just play the game.
Janice Soprano: (looking at Tony sitting outside after getting beat up by Bobby) Fuckin' look at him out there. Bobby Baccilieri: What? Janice Soprano: I've seen that sitting in the chair thing. Bobby Baccilieri: Come on...people sit in chairs...
Tony Soprano: So how was Florida? Phil Leotardo: Hot and sticky...like my balls.
Carter Chong: Once in third grade, I got a ninety six on my spelling test, highest mark in the class, I was so proud. I brought it home to show my dad...what happened ta the other four points, he says. (Carter takes a pause) Fuck you! Fuck you! (Carter slams his fists together)
Tony Soprano: What the fuck is wrong with you? Paulie Walnuts: What? Tony Soprano: You tell some fuckin' goober your life story? We're supposed ta be layin' low!
Carter Chong: (Jameel brings pictures for Uncle Junior to sign) What do you do with those Jameel? Jameel: Autographed pictures of the man who capped Tony Soprano? Shit, them mother fuckers go right on ebay.
Tony Soprano: I don't know...I look at my key guys...Paulie, Christopher, my brother-in-law, what's number one on their agenda, you know? They're all fuckin' murderers for chrissakes.
Hesh Rabkin: Did you hear the one about the Jewish terrorist? He was gonna hijack a plane but he didn't wanna use his miles.
Tony Soprano: (to Carlo Gervasi) Maybe you should start suckin' cock instead o' watching TV land, 'cause Vito brought in three times what you do on construction. Yeah! And I didn't have this fuckin' problem!
Paulie Walnuts: What d'ya say we take a ride...little prime rib, on me. Christopher Moltisanti: Maybe next time. Paulie Walnuts: What, are you watchin' your cholesterol now too?
Paulie Walnuts: Lower your voice! I got neighbors! Christopher Moltisanti: Fuck your neighbors! When you gonna pay me? Paulie Walnuts: When you suck the money outta my ass! Now get the fuck out!
Silvio Dante: He didn't seem high did he? Tony Soprano: Are you kiddin'? I've been furious. I woulda fuckin' strangled 'im.
Tony Soprano: Get me a scotch. Meadow Soprano: Are you serious? Tony Soprano: Yeah. And have one yourself.
Anthony Junior: Fine. Bury your head in the sand. Tony Soprano: How 'bout I bury yours in that fuckin' wall instead.
Agent Ron Goddard: You got a minute? We'd like ta show you some pictures. Tony Soprano: Angelina Jolie, I hope.
Butch DeConcini: Tony Soprano, obviously. Plus Silvio Dante, and we think, Bobby Baccilieri. Ray-Ray: That mortadell's number three? He used to be Junior Soprano's driver. Albie Cianflone: And you used to sell laser printers out the back o' your Crown Vic.
Carmela Soprano: AJ, how...how are we going ta get him ta go along, he won't leave his room, let alone the house. Tony Soprano: He's gonna leave the house. Carmela Soprano: Tony... Tony Soprano: On a piece of plywood if necessary, but he's gonna leave the house.
Anthony Junior: You just bust in? I mean, we could've been doin' anythin'! Tony Soprano: Yeah, but, what were you doin'? Nothin'.
Anthony Junior: Uncle Bobby's dead... Tony Soprano: Yeah. Anthony Junior: You know, this is really depressing to me. Tony Soprano: He was a good guy. Anthony Junior: I was already having so much trouble maintaining.
McNulty: All I did was answer the guy's questions, he's a fucking judge. Landsman: And the Deputy's the fucking Deputy, and he, not the judge, has what's left of your be-shitted career in his hot little hands.
Bunk: [to McNulty] That will teach you to give a fuck when it ain't your turn to give a fuck.
Kima: Fighting the war on drugs... one brutality case at a time. Carver: Girl, you can't even think of calling this shit a war. Herc: Why not? Carver: Wars end.
Bunk: [to dead body] You moldering motherfucker don't even think about coming back a murder. Don't even think of that shit.
Marla Daniels: You cannot lose if you do not play.
McNulty: This is just us talking right? Just you, me, my partner and... what did you say your name was? Bodie: I didn't say shit. McNulty: Just you, me, my partner and Mr. Shit here.
Rawls: McNulty! Where in fuck is he? Landsman: I - uh... he's detailed, Major, to narcotics. Rawls: I fuckin' know where he's detailed. I fuckin' already know that.
McNulty: [after Sydnor comes out in disguise] Where's ya' mic? Sydnor: Down at my dick man. I figured they ain't gonna go down there anyway right? Carver: I don't know Sydnor, the way you twirlin' around, it might be the first place they look.
Pearlman: [after having sex] You're an asshole McNulty. McNulty: What the fuck did I do?
Pearlman: Let me understand. You're married and a date is a room at the Best Western with the blinds closed. Now you're single, and a date is you coming over unannounced to learn the legal requisites for a pager intercept. McNulty: Pretty much.
Freamon: I don't wanna go to no dance unless I can rub some tit.
Poot: How can he know where the stash at? The Narcos don't know, but he do, 'cause some nigga snitchin'! D'Angelo: Man, ain't nobody gotta be snitchin' for Omar, or one of his boys, to creep by and see where the stash at.
Wallace: [to Bodie] How you ain't courtside for bankin' a narco?
Bodie: Man, Boys Village ain't shit! I'm just too bad for that off-brand, lil' boy bullshit, man. It can't hold me.
McNulty: I'm late for soccer practice. Bubbles: Suck what?
Bubbles: [to Kima] How y'all do what y'all do every day and not wanna get high?
Kima: How complex a code can it be if these knuckleheads are usin' it? Then again, what does it say about us if we can't break it?
Omar: The cheese stands alone.
Kima: You saw the murder? Omar: Yeah. Kima: You can ID this man Bird as the shooter of William Gant? And you ain't afraid to go into court downtown and testify against one of Barksdale's people? Omar: Omar don't scare.
McNulty: On this case, we're never where we need to be.
[Omar sits in the back of a police car in front of the towers] Kima: You worried about being seen? Omar: Well if anybody got a problem with me spending time with y'all, I'd be much obliged to stick my gun straight in they mouth.
McNulty: [to Pearlman] They're gonna do me, Ronnie. I love this fucking job, and they're gonna do me.
Burrell: [to Daniels] You're not wrong, Lieutenant. In this state, there's a thin line between campaign posters and photo arrays.
Omar: Ayo, lesson here, Bey. You come at the king, you best not miss.
McNulty: Lester, are we still cops? Freamon: Technically, I suppose so. McNulty: OK, I was just checking.
Herc: What the fuck was that? Carver: That was my Korean counterman. Herc: Sounded Chinese. Carver: Like you can fucking tell the difference.
Avon: Ayo what's up playboy? How come you wearin' that suit, B? For real its 85 fuckin' degrees out here and you try'na be like fuckin' Pat Riley Proposition Joe : Look the part, be the part, motherfucker.
Judge Phelan: McNulty, I hold you in contempt. McNulty: Who doesn't?
D'Angelo: If anybody asks you if in you in this game, you tell 'em you in it for life, a'ight?. You play it hard, you play it tight, and you make sure niggas know you gonn' stand by your people. No loose talk, no second thoughts and no snitching. Play it like that.
Bodie: [on killing Wallace] Look, the man gave the word, so we either step up or we step the fuck off. That's the game, yo.
Carver: [observing Bodie beat a competing dealer with a bat] See, that's why we can't win. Herc: Why not? Carver:They fuck up, they get beat. We fuck up, they give us pensions.
Omar: All in the game yo... [laughs] All in the game.
Landsman: It's all about self-preservation, Jimmy. Something you never learned.
McNulty: Fuck it, they chew you up, they gotta spit you back out.
Lester: [to "Non-English" speaking crewman] You cannot travel halfway around the world and not speak any motherfuckin' English.
Omar: Look, Dante, what's it gonna take for you to be convinced, man? I don't bed no babies. [pauses] Huh? Dante: What you think? [Omar and Dante start making out] Dante: You gonna have to do better than that. Omar: Oh, indeed.
Rawls: Do you even know what this detail's about Lieutenant? Daniels: Some kinda beef that Valchek has. Rawls: Two fuckin' Polacks pissin' on each other's leg.
Prison Warden: Hell, if you can't win the war on drugs in a prison, where the hell you gonna win it?
Stringer: Yo', Rock. Shamrock: Huh? Stringer: Be subtle with it, man. You know what subtle means? Shamrock: Laid back and shit.
Daniels: Where are the detectives who were first assigned? Valchek: Dead. To me, anyway. I shipped them humps back to Burrell as fast as I could.
Kima: [to Daniels, about joining the new detail] I'll tell your wife if you tell mine.
McNulty: [about Omar] He play you hard? Bubbles: I go at him respectable. He put that goddamn shotgun in my face, man. I'm looking at two goddamn tubes of the Harbor Tunnel staring right at me. [McNulty laughs] Each one about yea-big. I damn near piss my pants.
Lester: Colonel, respectfully, did you just fuck me over without giving me half a chance to clear this case? Rawls: Let's be clear, Detective Freamon. When I fuck you over, you'll know it. You'll be so goddamn certain, you won't need to ask the question.
Kima: Cool Lester Smooth... hey, what's happenin'? Lester: Same fuck-ups in the same shit detail, workin' out of the same shithouse kind of office. You people lack for personal growth, you know that?
[after the Stevedores' Union members testified in front of the Grand Jury] Bunk: How'd we do, Charlie? Charlie: I almost got one to swear that the docks are actually near the water.
Sobotka: What do you say, Johnny? What do you say to any question? Johnny Fifty: I take the Fifth Commandment.
Prez: What if they're not sneaking anything off this time? What then? Lester: Ah then, tragically, you will have wasted yet another day in a life you've already misspent in the service of the City of Baltimore.
Carver: [about Herc, modeling sunglasses] His name is Head. Dick Head.
Daniels: [about McNulty] You ever see how a dog gets when he smells a bone buried in the yard? Rawls: Yeah, and I seen one take a shit on my carpet, too. And don't give me that he's-got-that-fire-in-the-belly garbage, either. The answer is no.
Rhonda: [reading an affadavit] You all cannot spell for shit. Bunk: Well, would we be police if we could?
Horseface: [to Frank, while looking at a porn mag] Let me ask you something important. You like fake tits? I can't decide. Thus far, I'm undecided on fake tits.
Stringer: [to Bodie] This here game is more than the rep you carry, the corner you hold. You gotta be fierce, I know that, but more than that, you gotta show some flex, give and take on both sides.
Proposition Joe: [about Brother Mouzone] You don't think I'm gonna send any of my people up against Brother? Shit, That nigga got more bodies on him than a Chinese cemetery.
Valchek: Now the votes are in, and you're movin' your damn golf trophies upstairs to the Commissioner's office, now you're freezin' me out, huh? Fuckin' rat-fucker's, all of ya'. This is my case, mine! And now you're gonna tell me who the target is? Well not fuckin' likely.
[during extended surveillance detail, Herc takes a picture of Carver] Carver: Hey, don't waste film. Herc: We've been here so fucking long that you're startin' to look good to me.
McNulty [about the two hookers in the sting operation] There were two of them. I was outnumbered.
Stringer: You see these east-side motherfucker's over here? I want'chu to extend to these motherfucker's all the hospitality west Baltimore is famous for. Bodie: Yeah, you want us to fuck 'em up.
Cheese: You mean to tell me there's a west-side nigga that know how to sell shit without stickin' a pistol in a fiends face? Bodie: Yeah dog, and you better get used it, 'cause ya'll ain't sellin shit, until we bone-ass dry!
Ziggy: It pays to go with the union card every time.
Spiros: [about Nick Sobotka] You don't have to worry about Nicko... The Greek: You are fond of him Spiros. You should have had a son. Spiros: But then I would have had a wife.
Sobotka: You know what the trouble is, Brucey? We used to make shit in this country, build shit. Now we just put our hand in the next guy's pocket.
Bunk: Boy, them Greeks and those twisted-ass names. McNulty: Man, back off the Greeks. They invented civilization. Bunk: Yeah? Ass-fucking, too.
Nick: Seniority sucks. La La: If you ain't a senior.
Spiros: He knows my name, but my name is not my name. And you... to them you're only "The Greek." The Greek: And, of course, I'm not even Greek.
Beadie: World keeps turning.
Burrell: What makes you think they'll promote the wrong man? Daniels: We do it all the time.
Shamrock: Yo. Chair ain't recognized your ass.
Prez: If that idiot worked for us, he'd be a deputy commissioner by now.
Herc: [cuing up the theme from "Shaft"] Carv. He's a complicated man, and the only one that understands him is his woman. Carver: Seek therapy.
Burrell: If the Gods are fucking you, you find a way to fuck them back. It's Baltimore, gentlemen; the Gods will not save you.
Landsman: [to Bunk] Rawls and Foerster have crawled up my backside and they're gonna stay there until you find Dozerman's gun. Now, I would like it very much if I could unclench my ample ass cheeks, if you don't mind, and rid myself of that discomfort.
Bunk: [types in "Peanut" in database] 89? And that's just the ones with Westside addresses. Vernon: Man, you got to narrow that shit down. Find some way to work with all them "Peanuts." Bunk: Motherfucker, do I look like George Washington Carver?
Lester: From the looks of things, Stringer Bell's worse than a drug dealer. Prez: He's a developer.
Bubbles: This pay how much? Kima: Let's treat it like a real job. Say $5 an hour, $30 on a day, max. Bubbles: That's less than minimum wage. McNulty: But there's no withholding, Bubs. It's tax-free.
Cutty: Game done changed. Slim Charles: Game's the same, just got more fierce.
McNulty: [to Stringer] I had such fuckin' hopes for us.
Proposition Joe: For a cold-ass crew of gangstaz, y'all carried it like Republicans and shit.
Colvin: Middle management means that you got just enough responsibility to listen when people talk, but not so much you can't tell anybody to go fuck themselves.
Avon: [to Stringer] I ain't no suit-wearin' businessman like you. You know, I'm just a gangster, I suppose. And I want my corners.
Dealer: [while being thrown in the police truck] Hey, we in America! Officer Santangelo: Nuh-uh, West Baltimore.
Butchie: Conscience do cost.
Herc: It's like one of those nature shows. You mess with the environment, some species get fucked out of their habitat. Carver: Did you just use the word 'habitat' in a sentence? Herc: I did.
Daniels: Detective McNulty,... when the cuffs go on Stringer you need to find a new home. You're done in this unit.
Clay: [to Stringer] Crawl, walk, and then run.
Avon: You know the difference between me and you? I bleed red and you bleed green. I look at you these days, String, you know what I see? I see a man without a country. Not hard enough for this right here and maybe, just maybe, not smart enough for them out there.
Runner: Yo, I just rolled for peanut butter. You got anything else? Colicchio: The fuck I look like, Chef Boyardee? Runner: Who?
Rawls: Amazing. Crime is down and no one wants to take any credit. What is wrong with this picture?
Avon: [to Stringer] Sunday truce been there as long as the game itself ..... I mean, you can do some shit and be like what the fuck, but hey, never on no Sunday.
McNulty: We're good at this Lester. In this town, we're as good as it gets. Lester: Natural police. McNulty: Fuck yes. Natural police. ... McNulty: You know something, Lester? I do believe there aren't five swinging dicks in the entire department who can do what we do.
Proposition Joe: [to Stringer] The feeling is it ain't right for you to be at the head of our table, when you can't call off your dog. Call it a crisis of leadership.
Stringer: Make this quick, I got a meet. Fatface Rick: Oh, fuck your meet! You're harder to get at than my fat wife's cunt.
Stringer: You know, Avon, you gotta think about what we got in this game for, man. Huh? Was it the rep? Was it so our names could ring out on some fucking ghetto streetcorner, man? Naw, man. There's games beyond the fucking game.
Stringer: We ain't gotta dream no more, man.
Slim Charles: [when Stringer asks him to kill Clay Davis] Shit, murder ain't no thing, but this here is some assassination shit!
Brother Mouzone: [to Avon, leading Avon to give up Stringer] What got you here is your word and your reputation. With that alone, you've still got an open line to New York. Without it, you're done.
Slim Charles: Don't matter who did what to who at this point. Fact is, we went to war and now there ain't no goin' back. I mean, shit, it's what war is, you know? Once you in it, you in it. If it's a lie, then we fight on that lie. But we gotta fight.
Witness: I saw only the one of them. He was black, big I thought. With a large weapon. Bunk: BNBG. Vernon: [laughing] Big Negro, Big Gun.
McNulty: [standing over Stringer's body, talking to Bunk] I caught him, Bunk. On the wire. I caught him. He doesn't fuckin' know it.
Squeak: You've got to be the stupidest motherfucker I've ever dated. Bernard: [to crony] I can't wait to go to jail.
Carver: Okay, so let's try this again. I say, "Have a good evening, Mr. Broadus!" Bodie: And a good evening to you, Sgt. Carver. Carver: See. Bodie: And a VERY good evening to you, Officer Collichio! Colicchio: Fuck yourself with a 40, shit-breath.
Bodie: [to Namond] What you need school clothes for anyway? Yo ass stay suspended. If it wasn't for social promotion, yo ass would still be in Pre-k nigga...Prolly day care out this bitch.
Carcetti: I still wake up white in a city that ain't.
Bunk: Better to be lucky than to be good.
Clay: You think I have time to ask a man why he giving me money? Or where he gets his money from? I'll take any motherfucker's money if he givin' it away!
Namond: Shit, I'll take any motherfucker's money if he givin' it away!
Namond: I love the first day, man. Everybody all friendly an' shit.
Omar: How you expect to run with the wolves come night, when you spend all day sparring wit' the puppies?
Omar: It ain't what you takin', it's who you takin' it from.
Slim Charles: Yeah, now, well, the thing about the old days: they the old days.
Cutty: [to the Deacon] You hang around and you can see me preach on some young-uns. Solemn left and sanctified right.
The Deacon: A good church man is always up in everybody's shit. It's how we do.
Proposition Joe: Business men, such as myself, does not believe in bad blood with a man such as yourself. Disturbs the sleep. Omar: Oh, I bet it do.
Marlo: That's my money. Omar: Man, money ain't got no owners. Only spenders. ... Omar: [to Marlo] I like that ring too. [pause] Boy, you got me confused with a man who repeat himself.
Norman: I'm a devious motherfucker once I get goin'.
Chris: [to Michael] Yo' we always in the market for a good soldier. We see one we like, we take care of his situation. Take him in, school him, make him family. And if you with us, you with us. Just like we be with you, All the way.
Dukie: There ain't no special dead. There's just dead.
Lester: Remember when I was a cadet, I was up here on a cadaver search. Instructor gets on the radio to say "We're looking for one body in particular. If you go grabbing every one you see, we'll be here all day."
Carcetti: Did you vote for me Norman? Norman: [laughing] The sanctity of the voting booth is a cornerstone of American democracy.
Norman: A vote's a vote, and I never throw one back.
Clay: Politics is a good thing, partner. Carcetti: That's a minority opinion.
Prez: Trick them into thinking they aren't learning, and they do.
Norris: You know what we use the polygraph for? Leverage. To get them in here and fuck with them. Kima: No wonder this shit's inadmissible.
Omar: I've got a bounty on my head man. Five figures! If I'd known I'd be sharing quarters with all these boys - I'd probably wouldn't have robbed so many of them. Bunk: Aww, yeah, that golden rule.
Omar: A man gotta have a code.
Omar: [in a lockup room] Come on now, when have you ever known me to out my gun on someone thats not in the game? Bunk: [laughing] Omar...
Snoop: Let us pray. Here we lay a couple New York boys who came too far south for their own fuckin' good. Where ya fuckin' Yankee pride at now, fuckin' bitches? Let's get the fuck outta here.
Norman: Did you hear that naked ass appeal to racial solidarity? I'd like to kick his pale entitled ass.
Marlo: [to Herc] But you know cameras. Kinda like pigeons in the storm. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes they come back, sometimes... but I'll keep an ear out on it.
Michael: Thought maybe I could get with Chris... I--I've got a problem I can't bring to no one else.
Omar: [as he is leaving prison] You my ride? Bunk: I'm your mother fucking savior is what I am.
Carver: I like to think that until the handcuffs actually fit, there's still talking to be done.
Proposition Joe (To Andre) You know the problem with these here machines? They too cheap to begin with. Some people think for what it's worth to fix it, make the shit work right, you might as well dump 'em and get another.
Rawls: Mr. Mayor, about Ervin - if you don't mind me asking - why keep him as a puppet commissioner when you can just fire the guy? [Carcetti & Norman look at each other] Norman: We mind you asking.
Omar: Man gotta live what he know, right?
Namond: Bunny? Colvin: Only my friends call me Bunny. Namond: Yeah, but why? Colvin: You don't need to know. And if you tell anybody, I'll cut your balls off.
Snoop: [after Chris beats a man to death] Damn... you ain't even wait to get the motherfucker in the house!
Carver: The young man seems to think highly of you boss. He invoked your name with a measure of respect. Colvin: It wasn't but a few weeks ago when I was in a room with him being called everything but a child of God. "Mr. Colvin sir. Fuck you." Namond: Yo' at least I said mister.
Bodie: [about Marlo] He's a cold motherfucker. Poot: It's a cold world Bodie. Bodie: Thought you said it was getting warmer. Poot: The world goin' one way, people another yo'.
Omar: Now Joe, you been so busy being devious, you done messed around and got yourself caught up in a web.
Bunk: The Bunk is strictly a suit-and-tie motherfucker.
Daniels: Detective Freamon, you have carte blanche in picking your squad. In fact, you can pick your supervisor, for all I care. Motherfucker, as far as I'm concerned, you are the Major Crimes Unit. It's morning in Baltimore, Lester. Wake up and smell the coffee.
Proposition Joe: [after making a deal with Omar] Omar on the one side holding a spade. And maybe Marlo to the other holding a shovel. And just at this moment... I managed to crawl out my own damn grave. No way do I crawl back in.
Norman: A wise man does not burn his bridges until he first knows he can part the waters.
Cheese: Omar had one of them commando squads with him, man. I mean, he had this one ho' pulling guns out her pussy, unc! The shit was unseemly, man.
Landsman: [to Lester] We do not go looking for bodies. Especially moldering fucking John Does!
Carver: [about Namond] His mother... [shakes head] Colvin: Lovely lady. What she say? Carver: "Put that bitch in baby booking where he belong. Let him learn something."
Kima: Bubs got some problems, but insincerity ain't one of them. Walon: Shame is some tricky shit, ain't it? Makes you feel like you want to change, and then beats you back down when you think you can't.
Bodie: Come on with it, motherfuckers! I don't give a FUCK! [shoots at Chris] I'm right here! [shoots at Snoop] You ain't puttin' me in one of those empty-ass houses neither!
Chris: [To Michael, after he kills someone for the first time] You can look him in the eye now. It don't matter who he is, or what he's done, you can look him right in the eye.
Bunk: He's tellin' it like a bitch. We even went to Mickey D's for him because he was so motherfuckin' helpful. Two quarterpounders. Big fries. MacDonaldland cookies. Dr. Pepper... That's how your boy roll, right?
Bunk: The bigger the lie, the more they believe.
Daniels: So, one thieving politician trumps twenty-two bodies? Good to know.
McNulty: Wonder what it feels like to work in a real fuckin' police department.
Snoop: Back to business, I say. Chris: She ain't had any work in a few months. She's somewhat eager. Snoop: God damn, right? Too much fuckin' talkin' around here lately, man. Niggas need to shut the fuck up, for real.
Chris: Y'all gonna pop out and pop off. Drop who you can. O-Dog: Yo, let's go all west coast with this. Snoop: [laughing] Say what? O-Dog: Drive-by. That's how they do. Drop a motherfucker and not slow down. Like Boyz n the Hood. Shit was tight, remember?
Snoop: Fuck them west coast niggas. 'Cuz in B-more, we aim to hit a nigga, ya heard.
Michael: Everything so serious now.
Proposition Joe: [on Marlo] It ain't easy civilizin' this motherfucker.
Butchie: Ain't no other way. I can see that.
Proposition Joe: Marlo is Marlo, man. He weren't the one that put me in this trick bag. The motherfucker who snuggled up and whispered in Marlo's ear did that.
The Greek: The young man makes a point. You're right. These are volatile times. It is not unreasonable to carry insurance. Who can say what tomorrow will show us?
Burrell: You might think it'll be different... when you sit here... but it won't. You will eat their shit. Daniels, too, when he gets here.
Gus: Just because they're in the street doesn't mean they lack opinions. Templeton: Where am I going to find homeless people? Gus: Not at home, I imagine.
Bunk: You've lost your fucking mind, Jimmy. Look at you. Half-lit every third night, dead drunk every second. Nut deep in random pussy. What little time you are sober and limp-dicked, you're working murders that don't even exist!
Walon: You're disappointed. Shit, this ain't about the bug, is it? This is you trying to make the past be everything, mean everything. You don't even want to think about the here and now. Sorry, Bubs. Shame ain't worth as much as you think. Let it go.
Bunk: I'm a murder police. I work murders. I don't fuck with no make-believe. I don't jerk shit around. I catch a murder, and I work it.
Omar: Now you make sure you tell old Marlo I burned the money. 'Cause it ain't about that paper. It's about me hurtin' his people and messin' with his world. Tell that boy he ain't man enough to come down to the street with Omar. You tell him that!
Bunk: You called the reporter huh? McNulty: No, actually. That asshole's making up his own shit. Brass called a press conference for this afternoon. They'll be shovellin' so much money at my bullshit it'll make your head spin.
Marlo: [after finding out Omar jumped from a 5th floor balcony] Don't seem possible. Chris: It don't. Marlo: That's some Spiderman shit there. We missed our shot. Now he goin' be at us.
Rupert Bond: What the fuck just happened? Rhonda: Whatever it is, they don't teach it in law school.
Terry Hanning: A lie ain't a side of a story. It's just a lie.
McNulty: You start to tell the story, you think you're the hero, and then when you get done talking...
McNulty: You miss what you had though? Kima: I still got too much dog in me to be settled like that.
Omar: You workin' a Stanfield corner, which means you workin' for a straight up punk! Ya' feel me? I'm out here in these streets every day, me and my lonesome, and where he at? Huh? A'yo, ya'll put it in his ear, Marlo Stanfield is not a man for this town, ya' digg?
Rawls: Bad news gentlemen, as we're actually gonna have to catch this motherfucker. Good news is that our Mayor finally needs a police department more than he needs a school system.
Landsman: [To McNulty] From everything we've given you, fire should be shootin' outta your ass. But there you sit, like a genital wart.
Bubbles: Ain't no shame in holdin' on to grief, as long as you make room for other things too.
Norman: I wished I was still at the newspaper so I could write on this mess. It's too fucking good.
(final line of the series) McNulty: Let's go home.
[To Julian] Ricky: I don't do as much coke as you do. We're not on the same wavelength.
[To Cory and Trevor] Ricky: Knock knock, boys? Cory: What? Ricky: Knock knock. Cory: Who's there? Ricky: Two fucking dumb idiots that drive a big piece of shit from the trailer park that don't know when to come buy fucking dope. Now get the fuck out of here!
Ricky: B and E? That's Grade 10 shit and I'm sick of it.
[To officers investigating the disturbance] Patrick Lewis: Officers, these guys, they're trying to kill my dog. Ricky: This man is drunk and he is soliciting us for prostitution.
[Off Camera voice] Young kid: Hey, Reveen! [To Julian] Ricky: Do I fuckin' look like Reveen? [To Young Kid] Ricky: Come on down here, ya little bastard, I'll fuckin' 'Reveen' ya.
Static Noise Cory: Reveen... [Trevor laughs] Cory: I- I mean I call him Reveen too, but he calls me dick. So I'm justified. Trevor: I'd rather be called a dick than Reveen.
Ricky: Smokes, let's go, gimme some smokes. Randy: I've only got two left, I'm not giving you any. Ricky: You're a fucking dick. Lahey, go fuck yourself.
Cyrus: What's that camera doin' here? Ricky: None of your fuckin' business actually.
Ricky: You better chill out there, heavy metal dick. Cyrus: Why don't you go back to the bowling alley where you came from, helmet head?
[To Cyrus] Ricky: What, are ya filmin' more episodes of Happy Days there, Fonzie?
Ricky: Me and Julian could definitely take care of the Cyrus thing. It's just that, Number One: we're on probation. Which is no big deal, but you know I don't really wanna go back to jail. And number two or three, or whatever the fuck number we're on...
Julian: I want you outta that car in two days though, Ricky. Ricky: No more than two weeks, I promise.
Julian: What the hell happened to my trailer, boys?! Cory: Okay, chill. There's this guy named Cyrus. He just moved in here, there was nothing we could do about it. He has a gun, and he's nuts.
Cyrus: Safety--always off.
Jroc: you know what? I don't hear a heart." "Carpe Dizem!" "Pound that in your word-hole and tell me that ain't the birth of Christ..
Julian: Would you see DeNiro doing a porn flick? Ricky: Well, I don't know. If they paid him enough money he'd probably do one. Julian: No, he wouldn't. You're stupid.
J-ROC: You gonna be a great big star, G! Ma-fuckas in Russia...Why do you think Reveen does so good over there, you know what I'm sayin'? You gonna be bigger than Reveen! Put that shit on, get your freak on, it's all good!
Bubbles: The whole idea of it's got me pretty damn frisky, too! It's been, uh...Been quite a while since that stuff went on with me. I'm really frisky!
Bubbles: That was a prick job!
Mr. Lahey: You know, do you know what recidivism is Randy? Randy: I don't have a clue, Mr. Lahey. Mr. Lahey: That's when people go back to jail over and over and over. I think we got a couple of A-1, class act recidivists up there.
Trinity: I shot my Daddy in the bum and Mummy's gonna get mad at me. [Takes a bite of a pot brownie] Trinity: These taste funny! [Throws the brownie into the yard]
Mr. Lahey: Not paying your drug debts again, eh Ricky? Ricky: Lahey, fuck off!
Desiree: See, now you can always tell something about a person by the way they treat animals. One hour with Ricky and the dog's on drugs.
Ricky: [to Cory and Trevor] Knock knock boys? Trevor: Who's there? [Ricky gives them two middle fingers directly in their faces]
[To Julian in a drunken embrace]: Ricky: We got this plutonium kind of love shit going and I don't wanna fuck that up, all right.
[As he is forcibly being escorted from bank]: Ricky: I've been sexually assaulted here! That man tried to abuse me at a party. Bank Manager: No that's not true! Ricky: He feels up men and women all over the place. He's an asshole!
Ricky: You know Jim or Jim knows you? Cop: Jim.. Jim, my dad Jim? Ricky: Jim's your dad? Oh yeah...he mentioned he had a son on the force. Cop: Yeah? Ricky: Yeah, him and my dad go way back!
Bubbles: (getting in the car) Jesus Christ!
Levi: You're all dressed up today. Bubbles: Yeah. Got my tuxedo on. Hey, maybe you can fix my tie for me. Levi: Yeah. Bubbles: Tricked ya! [Levi laughs] Bubbles: It's not even real! 150 bucks for one of those real fuckers!
[Cat looking at Ricky] Ricky: (to the cat) What the fuck are you looking at, huh? Don't fuckin' stare at me!
Bubbles: Ricky just waltzes in there and becomes the king of the carts. The fuck does he expect me to do for a living? What does he want me to do, go to EI and say
Bubbles: Somebody's got their hand on the cart then--Whoopsies! (as he "accidentally" drops the cart down the hill) and somebody comes along and picks it up later.
Mr. Lahey: Listen, I was unaware that I had an appointment with you fine people today. As it turns out I have another engagement: I plan to get DRUNK!
[Ricky and Sam arguing] Ricky: Knock knock. Sam: Who's there? Ricky: (gives Sam two middle fingers) Fuck off!
Ricky: Hey, Sam, knock knock. Sam: ...Who's there? Ricky: Get the fuck off the stage, ya idiot!
[Lahey comes on stage to say his speech] Lahey: Test...test...test. Donny: GET OFF THE STAGE, YOU DRUNK BASTARD!!!
J-Roc: (to Randy) You better back off, you no-shirt, lawn-mowing, 15-cheeseburger-eating prick.
Ricky: I've met cats and dogs smarter than Cory and Trevor, in fact most cats and dogs are smarter than Cory and Trevor.
Julian: (to Cory and Trevor) What was the name of the bar where you guys put up those flyers? Cory: Uh...The Empty Closet....Yeah that was it. Julian: You guys don't have a clue, do you?
Ricky: It's a Catch-23 situation.
Tania: Have you read the Bible? Bubbles: Maybe I have, maybe I haven't. What's it to you? Hampton: Can you read, my son? Bubbles: Well, that depends. Can you go fuck yourself?
[Bubbles as a lumberjack holding a camcorder, with a close up on his face, running through the woods breathing heavily stops] Bubbles: UH UH UH...I ain't...I ain't never been so frisky in my entire life! UH UH UH! J-ROC [off camera]: CUT! Bubbles: How was that, J-ROC?
Ricky: I haven't seen Treena since her dysfunctional parents grounded her over something stupid. Barb: How dare you speak to us like that! Ricky: How dare you marry a money-hustlin' caveman.
[Ricky slams on the brakes in front of the bank] Bubbles: (to camera) Did you see that fuckin' skid?
[Ricky lights a cigarette in the bank] Bubbles: Ricky, you can't fuckin' light up in the bank! Ricky: I can do whatever the fuck I want now, buddy! I'm rich as fuck now! Thirty-eight grand in unmarked bills, I don't give a fuck!
Ricky: Holy fuck that's good pepperoni!
Mr. Lahey: All right everybody, clear the area! Hand over the weapons, Bubbles. Bubbles: Go fuck yourself, Lahey!
Lahey: Where's the five grand, Ricky? Ricky: It's right here, Shitler!
Bubbles: Nobody really knows Ricky the way I do. I just hope he's all right after putting his lips on Mr. Lahey's bum.
[watching an episode of The Littlest Hobo] Ricky: Every stop I make, I make a new friend...
Ricky: I haven't stolen a 10-speed in over 2 years.
[Trinity runs up to Ricky's car, where he is sleeping on the hood.]
Trinity: Daddy, wake up! Wake up, Daddy, wake up! Wake up! It's time to put my patch on, hurry up, Daddy!
[During a 'confessional']
Ricky: Trinity has got to quit smoking, like I can't have her smoking anymore, it's ridiculous. She had the idea that maybe me and her can quit together, and it's kind of like a good father-daughter thing, so we're going to quit together, we're going to go on the patch.
[Ricky is training Cory and Trevor to steal gasoline.]
Ricky: Unleaded: blue container; supreme: red container; diesel: in the green. OK? Are we clear here, guys?
Trevor: Yeah, but how can you tell which one is the supreme?
Ricky: (Breathes out heavily) What, are you stupid? You fucking taste it. Unleaded tastes a little tangy, supreme is kinda sour, and diesel tastes pretty good.
Bubbles: Stealing gas? Why, Cory and Trevor, that's highly illegal, you shouldn't be stealing gas, Cory and Trevor.
Ricky: Yeah, it's fucked up to be stealing gas like Cory and Trevor, I don't want anything to do with Cory and Trevor's gas stealing.
J-ROC: Only wack suckas like Cory and Trevor steal gas.....and deal dope.
Judge: Richard, since you chose to defend yourself and fire the public defender, I guess it's your turn to question the witness.
Ricky: Thank you, Your Majesty.
Judge: And Richard, before you begin, I'd like to say that I think this is a very bad idea. However, you do have a right to defend yourself, so proceed, but please remember to watch your language.
Prosecutor: This man can't represent anyone...Your Honor! He's a complete and total idiot!
Ricky: Thank you. I just gotta get some cigarettes, actually.
[Ricky walks over to the prosecutor's desk and snaps his fingers] Ricky: Let's go, smokes! Prosecutor: But I've only got two left! Ricky: I don't care. You've been a dick all morning. It's the least you can do for me! Prosecutor: Oh, for the love of God...
[Several members of the prosecution start to light cigarettes] Judge: Just the defendant, please.
Ricky: My first order of business is to tell the prosecutor to shut the fuck up and wipe that stupid fucking grin off his face because it's distraculating my case.
Ricky: The defense rests, everybody can fuck off. Except you (points to the magistrate) I didn't mean you. But those two guys, and him (pointing to the prosecutor). (to cameraman) Could you guys get the fuck out of the way? Please!
J-ROC: There's two things mafuckas gotta know about J-to-the-R-O-C, straight up, you know what I'm sayin'? First of all, I spin more rhymes than a Lazy Susan and I'm innocent until my guilt is proven. Peace. Representin' Sunnyvale, straight the fuck up.
Bubbles: Lahey, will you please get the flyin' fuck out of our way! We gotta go get Rush tickets! [Ricky drives the Shitmobile through the garbage] Randy: Ricky! [Bubbles gives Lahey and Randy the finger to the opening riff of "Limelight"]
[Randy over phone/radio after stealing Bubbles' answer and winning the Rush radio contest] Randy: Holy fuck, Mr. Lahey, we won!
Bubbles: Ricky, you fuckin' promised me you'd get me a Rush ticket! Ricky: It wasn't my fault, Bubbles. I'm sorry! Bubbles: It is your fault! This could affect our friendship, you know! Ricky: Bubbles, don't talk like that! Bubbles: COCKSUCKER!
Julian: Don't do anything stupid, Ricky! Bubbles: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah. He probably won't do anything stupid, Julian...
Julian: Randy, a lot of barbecues look alike. You're probably on drugs or confused or something like you usually are.
Bubbles: Check this baby out...that there's called the Super Double Bunk BQ...built that myself...like to see that Red Blue Green cocksucker put one of those together...Duct-taping it.
Bubbles: Ricky, those laws are there to protect kids, not so goofballs like you can put them in the car with no door on it, and drive around the fuckin' neighbourhood stealin' barbecues!
Mr.Lahey: Well Rick, looks like you fucked your shit goose this time, doesn't it?
[Ricky stops at a gas station with a cigarette] Jacob: Excuse me, sir. Could you please step 20 feet away from the pump and extinguish your cigarette? Ricky: Can you please fuck off? Thank you.
Ricky: "Closed for renovations"?! This is fucked!
[Attempting to distract Ricky] Bubbles: Holy fuck, have you guys ever tried that dope-flavoured rum?
[Featuring the Trailer Park Boys]
[Video opens with Bubbles & Julian running over to Ricky who is passed out, face down in the driveway.]
Mr. Lahey: Look, you might have my job now, Ricky. But I got something you'll never have. Ricky: Yeah? What's that, Lahey? Mr. Lahey: My Grade 11.
[Bubbles walks up to Randy while playing guitar drunk] Bubbles: (singing) Fuckin' Randy's gut, it's full of dirty little cheeseburgers...
Randy: You looking for a date? 10 bucks or 6 Dairy Queen coupons.
Julian: You're not prostituting yourself for cheeseburgers again, are ya, Randy? Randy: Man's gotta eat, Julian.
TV Narrator: The Sasquatch: Fact Or Fiction? Ricky: Those big hairy monsters, they're real, Trin. Trinity: No they're not. Ricky: Look at that thing. What person ever moved like that in the history of people?
Ricky: Bubbles, go get some tape, tape yourselves up, and we'll go steal some furniture for Mr. Fucking Selfish... Holy fuck, this cereal's good.
Ricky: Holy fuck boys! Cyrus #1! [The boys start vandalizing Cyrus' car] Bubbles: It says "Dick" and there's an arrow pointing right to Cyrus.
J-Roc: Like, I'll go to fuckin' jail, you know what I'm sayin', 'cause I'm hard, right? I ain't shook about goin' to jail. But it's like, I kinda like my freedom, too, at the same time, know what I mean?
Phil: What are you looking at my gut fer?
[The drawers drop out of a dresser as they're stealing it from a hotel] Bubbles: AW YEAH! WHO'S YOUR DADDY?!
Donny: GET YOUR HANDS OFF IT! I PAID FOR A LADY, NOT FUCKING CORY AND TREVOR!
Cyrus: I bet one of you isn't even man enough, to knock this chip off my shoulder. [Randy comes through the car door and marches up to Cyrus] Randy: I am, Cyrus. And I'm more of a man than you'll ever be, you dirty bitch!
Bubbles: I can't wait to start fuckin' hammerin' people! (shoulder-checks his shed door)
Bubbles: (as The Green Bastard) Boys! Green Bastard! Parts unknown! Cory and Trevor? Get the fuck in the ring! Ricky: You look good, buddy! Bubbles: Green Bastard!
Donny: NO, YOU POUND SAND UP THE EYE O' YOUR COCK! CALM DOWN? YOU FUCKIN' CALM DOWN! WHO'S RUNNING THIS FUCKIN' TRAILER PARK?!
[at the 1st Annual Sunnyvale Trailer Park Bake Sale] Lahey: (to camera) U.N. president J. Edgar Hoover once said, "Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country."
Randy: (while pouring Lahey a drink) Are you sure you want to use the community fund for this, Mr. Lahey? Lahey: The cat population in the park is Malthusian in scope, Randy. We have no choice.
(Julian raises the gun and shoots Conky in the face, blowing his head apart, but avoiding Bubbles.) Sam Losco: Smoking much dope lately boys? You guys are fucked!
Bubbles: You look kind of French with your little mustache, there. I'm gonna call you Steve French! That's a good name for you.
Bubbles: Julian, we found him! Julian: Well, lock him in your shed, Bubbles. Bubbles: He was down fucking around with Donny's garbage, then he pooped on the hood of Mrs, Peterson's car!
[the mountain lion chases Trevor into Lahey and Randy's camper] Mr.Lahey: Trevor, what the hell are you doing in our trailer? (Lahey watches as the lion follows Trevor into the camper) Oh, shit! Trevor! Randy: Stop, drop, and roll, Trevor! Mr.Lahey: That's for fire, Randy!
Mr.Lahey: The shitabyss! Randy: Mr. Lahey, not another night of the shitabyss, please?! Mr.Lahey: Ah, fuck it.
Ricky: What's that fuckin' smell? Julian: Keep driving, Rick. Ricky: Steve, I know you didn't shit on my seat... Julian: Nah, everything's cool, Rick. Bubbles: Ricky? Ricky: What? Bubbles: Steve French pooped on the seat.
[After Bubbles emotionally said goodbye to Steve French]: Bubbles: Are you guys crying? Ricky: [trying to hold back his tears] No, we're not fuckin' crying!
Sarah: Ricky. I just wanted to come and tell you that Corey and Trevor are now mine! Ricky: Sarah I'm so sick of your shit. I own Corey and Trevor and that's never going to fuckin' change!
Jim Lahey: *Drunk* Hey, Bubbles. I need a little (starts singing) Propane Propane. Time to start the flame. Propane Propane. Bubbles: Mr Lahey.. You're pissing yourself.
Lahey: Tick-tock, tick-tock. Shit clock's tickin', Rick!
Lahey: You are the dumbest cop on the force, George. The dumbest.
[exterior transition shot of the park, a dog is barking] Woman: Shut the fuck up! Man: Brenda, you shut the fuck up!
Ricky: The fuck was that? Bubbles: Take a guess! What are sirens usually bolted to the roof of?
[Police officers arrive at the trailer park to confiscate stolen Christmas trees]} Officer Cliff: Would anyone be willing to tell me who they bought their Christmas tree from this year? Danny/Donnie: I DON'T KNOW... WOULD ANYONE HERE LIKE TO SUCK MY COCK?
Lahey: If I can't play, Randy, no one can. [Lahey shuts off power to the trailer park]
(upon seeing his shed piled with liquor bottles) Bubbles: It's a liquorlanche!
Ricky: I'm usually not the type of person to say I toadaso, but I toadaso, I-fuckin'-toadaso!
Bubbles: Lucy got fake boobs. I mean...its obvious. I don't mean I was staring at them, but I can't exactly control what direction my eyes go in all the time. I mean obviously she used our money to buy them anyway so, if you think about it, I sorta own one-third of them.
Ricky: Well I was plannin' on takin' the blame, cuz I mean there is a pretty good chance that I did it. Well, I mean I did do it. But Bubbles took the blame, so once someone takes the blame, whaddya do? I couldn't take it then, he had already taken it.
Ricky: Fuck off, dog.
[Bubbles smells the bacon cooking in his sleep] Bubbles: Yes, can I order pancakes please...with syrup...and...butter...bacon...hash browns...toast...with...butter... [A cat meows, waking him up] Bubbles: Aw, fuck! That was gonna be delicious!
Randy: I can't believe Trinity was throwing bottles, Mr. Lahey. Lahey: Shitapple.
[Over a department store loudspeaker] Ricky: Mr. Lahey and Randy to the Fuck Off Department. Mr. Lahey and Randy to the Fuck Off Department and hurry the fuck up! Thank you.
Mall Cop: All right, I'm gonna have to get some names, here. Trevor: I'm Cory Lahey. Cory: Um, Trevor Lahey. Mall Cop: Are those your real names, boys? Trevor: Yes, sir. Mall Cop: Are they really? Trevor: No...I'm Trevor and he's Cory. We were lyin'.
Ricky: Aw, man, that is fuckin' cool! Nice decnals!
Randy: Hey, boys! We got a complaint that someone was gettin' high and drunk and playin' space in the middle of the street! Ricky: Yeah, US! I'm fuckin' stoned right now! You got a problem with that?
Bubbles: You guys wanna stay and watch? You wanna see a rocket go, Randy? Randy: Does it really launch, Bubbles? Bubbles: Does it really launch? Does the Tin Man have a sheetmetal cock?
Lahey: You just opened Pandora's shitbox, Ray!
Ricky: Why don't you suck my cock, Trevor? How 'bout that, you skinny little fuckin weasel?
Ricky: Hey, Trevor, knock knock Trevor: I'm not gonna say, "Who's there," Ricky. Ricky: You just did, you fuckin idiot. [Ricky rips off Trevor's pants]
Mr. Lahey: That video game is the key to Shitty City, Randy, and Julian is muscular mayor.
[Julian hands Trevor a gun] Trevor: Awwhh...but Julian this is a pirate's gun. Bubbles: Well then I guess that makes you Long-John Dickweed then.
Mr.Lahey: You feel that Randy? Randy: What, Mr.Lahey? Mr.Lahey: The way the shit clings to the air. Randy: What Mr.Lahey? Mr.Lahey: Randy m'boy, it's already started. Randy: What's started, Mr.Lahey? Mr.Lahey: The Shit Blizzard.
Cyrus: What the fuck is that? Dennis: I think it's a giant cock and someone's riding it like a cowboy. Terry: Is that you, Cyrus? Cyrus: Can't you fucking read, Terry?! That's my name with an arrow pointing at it!
Donny: WHAT IN THE FUCK?! Donny: FUCK OFF WITH THE GUNS!! Donny: WELL DON'T FUCKIN' STOP ON MY ACCOUNT!
Ricky: I got stung by one of those bumble-cocksuckers! Do you have any suave? Lucy: Salve?
Ricky: That's nothing, Julian, me and my old man made 70 bucks from recycling last week. Bubbles: 70 bucks each? Ricky: No, 30 bucks each. Bubbles: (to Ray) 30 bucks each? Ray, that doesn't add up. Ray: Moving on, Bud...
Randy: Why don't you go pave your cave, you fuckin caveman. Sam: What the fuck did you just call me? Barb: Well... you are a caveman, Sam. Randy: Yeah! A fucking caveman! Sam: YOU PAY ME NOW, BURGER BOY!!
Trevor: Hey guys! I found a mushroom that looks like a cock!
Trevor: Mr Lahey, Julian's out here lifting weights with his shirt off! He wants you to come out and have a few drinks with him!
Bubbles: Ray...rippin' the plumbin' outta your walls for liquor money...IS fucked!
Barb: So that's $176.92, now would you like me to give it to you, or should I give it directly to your drug dealer? Randy: Look, you guys have a good time frig-dancin'. And Barb, your scalloped potatoes are FUCKED. Lahey: They're fantastic, Barb.
Jacob: Baaaaaaaaaaam!! Phil: Peanut butter and jaaaaaaaaaaam!!!
[Phil burps loudly] Ray: Ahh fuck sakes Phil!!!!! Bubbles: Ricky I got onion ring fragments on me, get them off! Ricky: I'm not touching those things! Bubbles: GET THEM OFF!
Ricky: Yeah, I mean I'm not college but you guys got books and stuff to see that this is obviously a little fucky.
Bubbles: They're ladies of the evening. Ray: Friends of the road, buddy.
Ricky: Oh man, are they ever getting fucked over.
[to family getting car searched at the US - Canada border] Ricky:You're supposed to throw your dope away before you get to the border! Ya fucked up!! Ricky:[Barks like a dog to border patrol dogs] Shut the fuck up!!
Ricky: It's survival of the fitness boys.
Bubbles: Boys, my legs are all jankity-janked.
Ricky: What do the fuck do them clothes them doin' there?
Phil: HOW 'BOUT YOU, FOUR-EYES!? Bubbles: Fuckin'... Did you just call me four-eyes?! You big... Mustard Tiger!
Bubbles: He looks like he ate Philadelphia.
Bubbles: (Sarcastically speaking) Oh, nice job there, son of the mustard tiger! Thomas: My dad is not a mustard tiger! Bubbles: Oh, OK!
Lahey: Barb, maybe you should lay off the alcohol just for a couple.
Barb: Don't you think? Do you think, Jim? Because you know what? I'm gonna be totally honest with you and it's...it's a bit ironic, but since you stopped drinking you are not half as much fun!
Lahey: Barb...I'm doing my best here.
Barb: Jim, I wish you'd start drinkin' again!
Ricky: Well it's quite a...step up in the world from bangin' Randy and Lahey to bangin' Julian, isn't it? Bubbles: That's a weird thought, Ricky.
"It's water under the fridge"
"Lucy is banging cops which is no big deal, I guess. I don't run Lucy. She's for to be her own woman"
"Lucy might have a problem, but what Lucy doesn't know won't learn her."
"Get me two bags of chips: Dressed All Over, and Zesty Mordant".
"Yeah, get me some ja-LAP-ano chips"
"Worst case Ontario..."
"It's basically Peach'n'Cake"
"Denial and Error..."
"Make my words" *
"Hey Bubs, are you watching that documentary on Saskatchewans?"*
"Thank you, Your Majesty."
"I'm trying to try here, Sarah."
"Who's playing the pianio?"
"Make like a tree and fuck off."
"I'm not the kind of person to say atodaso, but you know what? Atodaso, I-fucking-atodaso."
"It was golfing flames, flames just golfing, golfing."
"It's a Catch-23 situation."
"Well, play that Diane Sawyer song, then."
"Looks like a tropical earthquake blew through here."
"We can get 2 birds stoned at once."
"Why do you look like Indianapolis Jones?"
"He passed with flying fucking carpets."
"It doesn't take rocket appliances."
"Trinity's at the age where it's gorilla see gorilla do."
"Do you got a search warranty for that?" *
"I must be fire retarded or something."
"I'm not a pezmist, I'm an optometrist.
"These plates got me from Tuscany, Arizona to Kentville, Nova Scotia."
"I'll drive you back to the park, Lucy, but there is probably a pretty good chance that it might be over between us"
"If my dad and Julian and Bubbles hadn't had been out all night getting lap-dances and getting drunk, the whole thing could have been preventative".
"To be honest with you, I fucking hate bagminten."
"Breaker, Breaker, come in earth. This is Rocketship 27, some aliens fucked over the carbinator in engine number four, we are going to try to refuckulate it and land on Juniper".
"That's not a ladybug. It's a cannerpillar.
"...how to get Buhurbon stains out of Kahayki pants"
"One man's garbage is another man person's good ungarbage".
"Au gratin"
"I-surance" *
"Swallow my prize"
"Neither here, there, or everywhere"
"Boys, let's make toast"
"There's no lurches in there, Bubbles, is there?"
"I know what you're doing, Lahey, you're trying to fill my feet."
"You gotta remember, every kid goes through phrases."
"What Julian don't grow won't burn him".
"Nice decnals!"
"I'm just stretched out!" *
"I don't need your cherry trees." *
"What if he has radies?"
"Supply and command."
"What comes around is all around"
"What, do you own space? No. Nay-suh does."
"Do unto others as you do unto you."
"One day I will go somewhere that is hot, like Majaica or the Dromedary Republic"
"Trinity made a life-ing thing basically out of this chicken. Started with a little eggy thing, and heated it up under these incu-baker things, and it...it was bornt."
"We'll split 50/50/50."
"Well, I'd like for you two to come with us, but apparently it's clear to see who makes the pants here."
"I hate to have to give you an ultimarium"
"It's me or Gumby and Fuckio "
"Raykins! That's what they are, Julian, fuckin' raykins!"
"I'm not working for J-Roc, that's against my vice principals"
"Bubbles, I don't want any rich peopleman's food, I want some fuckin' meat that's cooked."
"It's survival of the fitness, boys."
"If Randy thinks he's smartener than me, he's wrong." *
"You gotta do illegal things once in a while, and then maturinate into a better person."
"Your thoughts might be better than mine, but I have thoughts going around in my head too, about...different thinkings...about brain things that you can use and...doing different things."
"Sweet empowered chicken things"
"Take a shower for fuck's sake! You look like a fuckin' hobolo!"
"Why don't you fuck off and go get some hypo-suction!"
"It was my mother's mating name."
"Holy shit, you got us a lemon-zine?"
"Randy bornt my baby."
"Lucy, I will make you have a eternity test".
"He's gettin' all frustated."
"You can go to college and get your little Pf.D, or whatever the fuck it's called!"
"Child reports"
"Get us the fuckin' land papers A.S.A.T!"
"I'm fucked over from being electromecuted!"
"Those them cigarettes in there is our lifes!"
"...it's distraculating my case."
"Amernicans!"
"I have responsibles now..."
"Well, now we gotta go to the library and get a book on horficulture."
"I self-learned myself."
Lahey: "Ready for a little B & E Randy?" Randy: "Bacon'n' Eggs?" Lahey: "Evidence gathering."
"When you plant shit-seeds, you get shit-weeds."
"Birds of a shitfeather flock together, Randy."
"We're in the eye of a shiticane here, Julian, and Ricky's a low-shit system!"
"Shit-storm troopers"
"The shit-apple doesn't fall far from the shit-tree"
"Captain Shittacular"
"I'm watching you like a shithawk"
"We're sailing into a shit-typhoon Randy, we'd better haul in the jib before it gets covered in shit."
"When you're getting pelted with shitballs, deputy, you gotta get a shit-bat."
"Randy, the shit pool is getting full. We better strain it before it overflows and causes a shitslide that could cover this entire community. I will not have a Pompeiian catastrophe happening in Sunnyvale."
"How dare you involve my daughter in your hemisphere of shit?"
"Your shit-goose is cooked, Ricky"
"Shit-apples never fall far from the shit-tree"
"He's about to enter the shit-tornado to Oz."
"Do you know what a shit-rope is Julian? It's a rope covered in shit that criminals try to cling to. Y'see, the shit acts like grease, and the harder you tighten your grip, the more you slide down it."
"A shit-leopard can't change its spots."
"We need more shit puppets for our play, Randy, and we need angry shit puppets but they aren't mad at us. Shit puppets only get angry at other shit puppets"
Randy: "Cops and dope don't mix, do they Mr. Lahey?" Lahey: "Like shit and strawberry shortcake Randy."
"I live by the golden rule: if you don't cross my shitline I won't cross yours. But when Ray told everybody in the park that I was drinking again, he crossed the goddamn shitline."
"Do you feel that, Randy, the way the shit clings to the air? Shit Blizzard."
"Never Cry Shitwolf."
"Did you see that Randy, Goddamn shitapple driving the shitmobile. Nobody else in this park gives a fuck, why should I?
Lahey: -"You know what's at work here, it's shit tectonics, when two shit plates strike and come together under incredible pressure, do you know what happens, Bubbles?" Bubbles: - "What?" Lahey: - "A shitquake"
"Yes I used to drink, Randy, but I got the shitmonkey off my back for good."
"You just opened Pandora's Shitbox, Ray"
"You know what you get when two shit-tectonic plates collide? Shitquakes, Julian. Shitquakes."
"The ole shit liner is coming to port, and I'll be there to tie her up."
"Tic Toc, Shit clock's tickin' Rick."
"We got the key to shitty city, Ran, and Julian's the muscular mayor."
"You boys have loaded up a hair-trigger, double barrelled shitmachinegun, and the barrel's pointing right at your own heads".
"Shit flowers, Randy. From a distance they look like ordinary flowers, but when you get right down and stick your nose in them you realize they're shit flowers, and there's a whole fucking bouquet down there right in front of Ray's trailer."
Lahey: "Shit moths, Randy."
Randy: "Shit moths?"
Randy: "Is that you or the liquor speaking, Mr Lahey?"
"I am the liquor."
"Hey Sexian"
"This place is a dump. You have my permission to do whatever you want, any time any place, and you don't have to listen to Pilsbandy Doughboy or Team Sexy"
"I'd like to see that Red Blue Green cocksucker put one of those together fucking duct taping it."
"Dino. Did you call Fred and Barney too? How about Mr. Slate?"
"I won't tell anyone you have splinters in your lips if you don't tell anyone I have a wooden cock."
"Randy: Does that thing really launch, Bubbles? Bubbles: Does the Tin Man have a sheet-metal cock?"
"Julian, what's a shit hawk? Is it some kind of shitty bird that swoops down and puts poop on you?"
"Ricky, what happened to your fucking eyes? You look like Alice Cooper?"
"I'm not giving anyone a fucking R!"
"Ricky, those laws are there to protect kids, not so goofballs like you can put them in the car with no door on it, and drive around the fuckin' neighbourhood stealin' barbecues!"
"This cart is fucked!"
"Can I come out now? I think I have a leech on my bird."
"Julian, we're both baked. That's why were probably not making any sense."
"No, he's just a really big kitty, and he's baked!"
"Holy fuck boys, this shed is like a fucking palace! Indoor plumbing , satellite tv, 400 channels, anything I wanna watch, it's right there, space for my kitties, Mobile phone, new technology , this is the best fucking shed there ever was!"
"Here, Cory-Trevor, Cory-Trevor!"
Hampton: "Can you read, my son?" Bubbles: "Well, that depends, can you go fuck yourself?"
Trevor: "Julian, this looks like a pirate gun." Bubbles: "Well Trevor, I guess that makes you Long John Dickweed, then."
"Green Bastard, from parts unknown" .
"Lahey, can you please get the flyin' fuck out of our way!"
"COCK-SUCKER!"
"There's a note pinned to a tree! Diddly-dee!"
"How many did you drive into that big fuckin cheeseburger-locker?"
"Holy sweet flying fuck!"
"There's 2 things mafukas gonna know about J-to-the-ROC: I spin more rhymes than a lazy Susan, and I'm innocent until mah guilt is proven! Peace! Representin' Sunnyvale, straight-the-fuck-up."
"Why don't you run along, Gut Cassidy and the Sundance Cheeseburger. Don't look into my eyes like I got candy for you."
"Only wacksuckas like Cory and Trevor steal gas...and deal dope.
"Yo Julian, I'm going to be a daddy. Not once but two times dawg, two times."
"You know what I'm sayin'?"
"Rayyyyy - Kojak's got a wig on, RAYYY!"
"So why don't you move it along, you Rico-Suave-lookin' mafucka, cuz you ain't beatin' nobody."
"You mean we can't go on with the game cuz some mafucka can't go to Canadian Mafacka and get a new orange mafucka for $2.99? That's wack, Jules."
"Yo, it's Rocky and Bullma'fucker."
"J-Roc an' da Rock-Pile ALL UP IN DIS' MA' !"
"Naw, man, I don't play guns, mafucka."
"We ain't down with killin', we down with chillin'. Peace!"
"The day J-ROC loses his flow, is the day the hair on Jim Lahey's bald head grow!"
"That's the fuckin' law bitch from the grocery store y'man, who you pointin' at, skeleton?"
"This is BULL-ISH!"
"I can't even breathe up in this piece!"
"Oh what, you ain't pregnant with a bucketa chicken?"
"What you talkin' 'bout, you inflatable Elvis?"
"Oh, no, you di'n't just call me Jamie!"
"I hear chicken. I hear cola fizz, and mustard and relish coagulating together with french fries and onion rings, but you know what? I don't hear a heart."
"Carpe Dizem!"
"Pound that in your word-hole and tell me that ain't the birth of Christ."
Dennis: I hate listening to people's dreams. It is like flipping through a stack of photographs. If I'm not in any of them and nobody is having sex, I just don't care.
Charlie: Domino, biatch!
Dee: How could you not tell me you were gay? Terrell: I'm a musical theater actor living in Philadelphia! I didn't think it was that big a secret.
Black Student: Bout to bust that shit up Reece, Bout to bust that shit up Boy! Mac: Absolutely.
Dennis: [at an abortion rally] I think all these chicks are gay. Dee: Yeah, I don't know that they're gay, I think they can just smell how disgusting you are. Dennis: Pff...sucks for me.
Dee: Are you actually gonna throw away all your convictions for a chance to get laid? Dennis: I don't really have any convictions.
[Tommy spits in Charlie's face] Charlie: Oh my God! I will...I will smash your face into- into a jelly!
Tommy: I'm gonna tell my mom you took me to a black person's house. Charlie: Wow, extremely racist!
Dee: I never statutory raped anyone before. Trey: Oh...okay, I'll tell you what: let's just take it slow. Dee: You are so sweet...where were you when I was in high school? Trey: I was eight. Dee: Right...Yeah...
[Sweet Dee approaches] Dee: Whats going on here? Who is that? Charlie: That's Tammy, Trey's ex-girlfriend. This is classic Tammy.Trey broke up with Tammy because Marine- Mac: Ok, you know what dude you gotta stop.
Dennis: I don't get it Sweet Dee, There are tons of women in this city; where do they mate with these gorrillas? Dee: They're at velvet-rope clubs on Delaware Avenue. Dennis: Oh I see. Dee: Dennis, our bar is in south Philly in a scary alley...might as well call it "Rape Bar."
Dennis: Oh my God, Charlie, I shot you in your head! I am so sorry!
Dennis: We're really sorry Charlie, but it was dark, we didn't know it was you... and you were robbing the register. Charlie: Yeah... still wish you hadn't shot me.
Dee: I have a little bit of a problem with old people...I find them kinda creepy...and scary. And gross, kinda gross. It's their hands really, you can see right through 'em and all their inside business.
Mac: [To Dennis handing him a photo] : Dude, Your Grandpa's a Nazi!
Mac: That bitch is dead.
Charlie: OK, OK. First of all, there are people out there who actually have been molested and you guys are going to exploit that for your own personal gain? You assholes are securing your places in hell. Ryan: We've thought about it. We're willing to roll the dice.
Charlie: You guys cannot say that he molested you! Ryan: Why not? Charlie: Because he didn't molest you! Ryan: That's true, but he's a dick, and we hated him.
Mac: If the McPoyles got blown, and Charlie got blown, then why didn't I get blown? Dennis: You're goin' to hell, dude. Dee: Seriously.
Charlie: Where's your brother dude? Liam: We just stepped out of the shower. He'll be down in a minute. Charlie: Alright li--listen, you guys can't go... did you just say we? Liam: What? Charlie: Did you just say we just stepped out of the shower? Liam: I said "he."
Barbara: While you were out making money, who do you think was at home, cooking and cleaning and raising your children? Frank: A series of Mexican women. Charlie: "A series..." Unbelievable, dude! [They high-five] You're on fire.
Charlie: [under breath] Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh shiiit.
Dennis: He's getting a weapon everybody. Everybody get a weapon!
Dennis: This Jew's in for a ton of work. Mac and Charlie: WHOA! Dennis: Whoa, what? Mac: Come on, man! You can't say things like that! Dennis: I don't know what I said. What'd I say? Charlie: Uh, you dropped a hard "J" on us.
Frank: Hey gang, what's the action? Dennis: What's going on here? Frank: Asians love gambling! Sweet Dee: You know these guys? Frank: Yeah, from Nam. Mac: You were in Vietnam? Dennis: Don't get excited Mac, he was in Vietnam ten years ago on a business trip.
Dennis: [to his basketball team] Now as long as you hurt the other kid as bad or worse than he hurts you, you will have done your job. And I'll be proud of you.
Kid: (Holds up soda can) Dennis: Diet? Does it look like I need to be on a diet? Kid: I don't know Dennis: Terrible, take a lap.
Mac: All right, kids, how you feeling? Ducks' Team: Good. Mac: Good? Doesn't sound good. Are you drinking the Red Bull? Come on, chug 'em down! Ducks' Player: I feel sick. Mac: That's the vitamins ripping out the inside of your stomach. That's a good thing, trust me.
Dennis: Hi. I'm a recovering crack head. This is my retarded sister that I take care of. I'd like some welfare, please.
Drug Dealer: What you need? Dennis: Uh, one, please. Drug Dealer: One what? Dennis: Uh... one rock of crack. Dee: One crack... Dennis: A crack rock. Is that enough? Is one crack rock enough? I don't... Dee: Uh... how much would you recommend for a first-time user?
Dee: I am not having sex with you, Charlie. Charlie: No, it's not sex I want from you. It's sex I don't want from Dennis!
Charlie: THIS ISN'T OVER UNTIL I SAY IT'S OVER!
Brianna: You look like a Holocaust victim in pageant makeup. Sweet Dee: I will eat your babies, bitch! Frank: Nobody's eating anybody's babies. Sweet Dee: Come on, let me eat her babies Sweet Dee: What did you just say you little bitch!
Frank: You're not ready for this fight, you're not... Dee: Oh, I have an idea, dad! Why don't you shut your fat little monkey face, and hold the bag!
Frank: All right, here's what you're going to do. You're going to take all the weight on your neck. Then you're going to jam your legs down and hyper-extend your ankles, and then shoot back up and lock your knees in place. Dee: Not one of those things sounds right to me. At all.
Charlie: Here's a confession: I'm in love with a man. What? I'm in love with a man... a man named God. Does that make me gay? Am I gay for God? You betcha.
Charlie: [to Mac] You know what dude, hear me out for a second okay. Now technically, that stain did appear to me. Also I am familiar with carpentry and I don't know who my father is. So, am I the messiah? I don't know, I could be, I'm not ruling it out.
Dennis: So... if you like the Virgin Mary, and you like beer, come on down to Paddy's Pub! We got 'em both.
Charlie: [singing] I got the good lord goin' down on me!
Frank: There is nothing more threatening to a man than a woman who is smart and attractive. We have to pretend you're both! Dee: Wow, That's my dad everyone!
Dee: I am not a failure! Mac: Dennis, what is it that you call it when somebody tries to do something but doesn't succeed? Dennis: Uh, that would in fact be a failure.
Mac: Do you want to shove heroin into your ass? Charlie: Dude, I don't want to shove anything in my ass! Mac: All right! This is the perfect opportunity to prove how hard we are, and not have to shove anything up our asses!
Mac: Well, maybe it boils down to this, smart guy: Computers are for losers. Dennis: You're drinking a beer at 8:00 in the morning! Mac: Whatever, dude. Irrelevant.
Mac's Dad: Let me get this straight...you come to me empty handed, and now you want my help? Mac: I know we let you down, but I promise to you, if you help us out with a certain situation, we will come back to you with our butts filled. Charlie: Oh, so filled! So filled for you!
Charlie: Dude, it's amazing. Look at this. Bro, you could chop a camel right in the hump and drink all of its milk right off the tip of this thing.
Tanning Employee: You want to put your baby into the tanning bed? Mac: We just want to put him in there for a couple of minutes or so. Dee: Just to get nice base roasting, golden brown or real tan Mac: [exaggerated] Just to get a base.
In a note Charlie left: Taked baby. Meet at later bar, night or day sometime.
Frank: What the hell is that? Mac: It's a baby we found in the trash. Frank: [pauses] Well, put it back. It doesn't belong to you.
Charlie: Well, if it isn't the girl who broke my heart by *falling* in love with my best friend and havin' *sex* with this guy! [motions to Frank] Waitress: Gross.
Frank: This is going to be exactly like Woodstock. Dee: Oh, is it? Ooh, are you planning on getting yourself locked in the bathroom of your cousin's Winnebago for 3 days? Frank: Shut up about that! I survived on hand soap and toilet water for three days. The memory haunts me.
(Frank cocks the gun and points it at Mac and Dennis) Mac and Dennis: WHOA! WHOA! WHOA! Frank: Lizard, am I standing in poop?
Charlie: You should have seen how passionate he got when I showed him the dick flyer. Mac: You knew that it was a dick?!
Frank: I got good news! Your mother is dead--ha! Dennis: Yeah, right. Nice try. Very funny, Frank. Frank: I'm serious this time. She had a botched neck lift! She's as dead as disco--hehehe! Who wants champagne?! [Frank pops the cork on a bottle of champagne]
Frank: When we get out of this, I'm gonna shove my fist right into your ass, hard and fast...Not in the sexual way! In the 'I am pissed off' sort of way.
Liam: Start breaking bricks wet nips!
Dennis: Dude, I swear to god if you try and give me a noogie I will yank your underwear over your head so hard your asshole will rip in half. Mac: (walks in from the office) Helloooo!!! What's up bitches? Charlie: Mac, can an asshole rip in half? Mac: Like tissue paper.
Dee: GET ON YER KNEES BITCHES!
Liam: We're takin' you bitches hostage.
Dee: Those goddam North Koreans. Dennis: They are some sneaky bastards.
Dee: I have been taking this place up the butt with a little thing I like to call "Dee's Double-Drop." Dennis: So you're doing the double-drop here too? Dee: You know about that? Dennis: Yeah, we always used to take the difference out of your purse.
Dee: I'm not asking you to do anything, just turn a blind eye while I rob this place stupid.
Coast on, Yellow Jacket Boys, Buzz-Buzz-Bumble, They don't pay for sodapop, 'Cause they really rumble
(As they sing, it slowly dawns on Mac that he's hitched his cart to the wrong star...again. One of the children puts money in the still-full cup of coffee he was drinking out of. He's had it.) Mac: Goddammit! (He walks away.) Goddammit!
Dee: That's a bad idea, whenever you get involved, someone gets hurt. Frank: I'm just palling around with the guys, how's anyone gonna get hurt? [Cue episode title]
Dee (from inside the warehouse): It smells overwhelmingly like kerosene in here! Frank: Uh-huh! (he tosses the match into the warehouse and runs)
(Cut to the video of the rescue. Frank walks slowly to the well.) Dee I found the kittens! (Frank tosses something into the well and runs. Annoyed) Oh, come on! (Another explosion, and Dee starts screaming again.)
(Cut to the couch, where Frank, Mac and Charlie are watching the video.) Frank: Now, it's all good up to right here
(A cardboard box comes flying out of the well, followed by Dee. The gang throws up their hands in disgust.) Mac: She throws the kittens in every take! Charlie: Aw, man, she loves to ruin, and ruin, and ruin, and ruin!
(pushes by Dennis snd Dee)
Li'l Kev: Later, biatch!
Dennis: (thoughfully): I don't think that guy's retarded...
Frank: Charlie's right! We shouldn't be breakin' our shit! We should be out there breakin' other peoples' shit! That's rock and roll!
Mac: (To his pre-op transsexual girlfriend) It's not that I'm ashamed of you, it's that I'm ashamed of myself.
(beat) Dee: Ewww. Oh, I don't even know how that works, oh, God...
Frank: Charlie, I need a woman. I need a woman to...to cook for me, and clean up after me, and somebody that will do everything I say. Charlie: Well, that's just a maid. You want a maid? Frank: Yeah, that's right, a maid. A maid I can bang. A bang-maid.
Frank (threateningly): Stay away from my bang-maid!
Dee: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm a lil preocupied with worrying about being killed by the mob because a homeless priest ran off with all of our drugs!
Rickety Cricket: Watch out for the crackheads. They WILL cut you.
Charlie: I love you Peter Nincompoop! I miss you...already!
Rickety Cricket: You guys, you gotta make it sexy. Hips and nips! Otherwise I'm not eating.
[Noises from Charlie, Dee and Frank] Mac: We are not gonna come out blasting! Jesus Christ, what is wrong with you people?! Look we can still get out of this if we just...calm...doowwwwn!
[Mafia walks in] Mafia Member: Oh! These guys! Gang: Oh! Aay! Don: All right, it's Friday. Where's my money? Frank: Does anybody got a light?
Rickety Cricket (singing while pounding on his "drums"): They broke my legs, but they didn't break my spirit! And I can't feel the pain 'cause I found more cocaine! Co-CAINE! (Peter Nincompoop gallops down the street behind him)
[After Dennis's cat emerges from an explosion unscathed] Dennis: Goddamnit, Jack Bauer. You really are the man.
Frank: Masturbating Bums are bad for Business.
Mac: The police? The streets are flooded with the ejaculate of the homeless and you people are counting on the police?!
Charlie: Well, I taped over the Spin Doctors mix!
Charlie: No, I put the bar under the pride section. Dee: No you put the bar under the prize section!
Dennis: Well, what are we gonna do?! Frank: We're gonna dance our asses off!!
Dee: Aww! Not only did I get Charlie to eat a drug filled brownie. I got everybody in here to do it. OK? Pretty soon people are going to be dropping like flies and it's just gonna be me and you two jerks. Good luck with those kegs boners. Charlie: Bitch.
Frank: Hey! I killed a deer i should get to eat it. That's the natural order. Mac: Wait you shot a deer? Frank: That's right a ten point buck.
(Frank mimes a shooting a long gun) Frank: Peteew! Right between his soulful little eyes.
Charlie: Cannibalism? Racism? Dude that's not for us...those decisions are better left to the suits in Washington. We're just here to eat some dude!
Charlie: I'm gonna go pick up some diguises. Dennis: Why? Charlie: So people don't know who we are. Dennis: People already don't know who we are!
Charlie: Later dudes. S you in your As, don't wear a C, and J all over your Bs. Mac: Why would he not wear a C? Dennis: I don't even know what he's talking about half the time, bro.
Dennis: My nose was chiseled by the gods themselves, Frank. My body was sculpted to the proportions of Michelangelo's David. You, on the other hand, well, you're a pit of despair. Frank, you disgust me. You disgust everyone, and you will never EVER be on that billboard.
Mac: Your body quit, your bird quit, and unfortunately it's no longer legit.
Billboard contestant: So, there's no pay? Mac: I just told you what the pay was! Frank: He told you what the goddamn pay was!
Dennis: Is this supposed to be dirt? it smells like shit! Frank: It is shit! Its a barnyard! Dennis: Frank, nobody is gonna step in shit!
(Rex already in the pool full of shit) Dennis: Seriously Rex? You're just gonna step right in there? Rex: I wanna win bro, billboard.
Charlie: I'll blast you all over if you flinch again.
Charlie: [Drunk and slurring] Sooo I thought we could celebrate, with some pizza! And soome beer! Ohhh, that's right! I ate all the pizza, and I drank all the beer.
Charlie: [in Dennis' bed] Am I peeing?...Hey guys, if I'm peeing, wake me up!
Charlie: Just got a couple long-range walkie-talkies. Dennis: Oh, cool. Did you get one for me? Charlie: IIIII......diiiiid.......noooooooooooot.
Frank: This slot defeats the purpose. I can see your eyes! We might as well get married. Dennis: It's the safest way, Frank. Frank: Dennis, if I was looking for safe I wouldn't be sticking my dick through a wall.
Charlie: Of course I'm gonna explode. You think I'm not gonna explode?
[In a club] Artemis: [smiling at guys she just met] Hi! Name's Artemis... I have a bleached asshole...
Artemis: Im gonna take my bra off, blast my nips.
Dennis: All right, just sign this paper saying that we didn't kidnap you at all, and you can be on your way with all of our stuff. [Charlie hits him over the head with a beer bottle] Mac: DUDE! Why did you do that? Charlie: I really don't like this guy!
Dee: If I had to write an article about you, it would say that you're very negative. The headline might be "Most Negative Man in the World Calls Other People White Trash to Make Himself Not Feel So Faggy."
Rob: [gets in Dennis' face] Watch your ass new meat!
Charlie: [referring to Sinbad] I hope he's wearing something made out of windbreaker.
Dennis: [After finding out he was hallucinating about Sinbad and Rob Thomas] Ah, I should see a doctor I'm really messed up. Sinbad: [Hallucination form] Psst! No your not, bitch!
Employer: And you included in your specialties, "Taking care of business"? Charlie: Mmm Hmm Mac: Mmm Hmm T.C.O.B. Charlie: Mmm Hmm
Spin Class Instructor: Ma'am if you just had a heart attack maybe you shouldn't be working out. Sweet Dee: Well maybe you shouldn't dress like a bumblebee, bitch!
Sweet Dee (to Spin Class Instructor): See you, Coach Dick and Balls.
Charlie: Wait, wait, wait...Check his pulse. Dee: He doesn't have a head, Charlie!
Charlie: [about the TV show Extreme Makeover: Home Edition] That show is basically about how awesome Sears is!
Dee: Su casa es no más. Su vida es no más. ¡Somos extremos! ¡Cómo la televisión!
Charlie: What does a little Mexican girl love more than anything else in the world? Dennis: Hmmmmmmmmm...tacos. Charlie: Tacos, buddy!
Dennis: Dude, do you have a boner right now?!
Dee: Also I wrote a song and I'm gonna throw it in there. Charlie: I swear to god if you do that I'll- Dee: Too bad, its gonnnnaaa happen! Its gonna happen! Charlie: I will smack your face, off of your face!! Dee: Ok.
Charlie: All right, you're getting hung up on "can't", and I'm not saying that you can't. I'm saying that it is illegal. Dennis: No, but it's not illegal.
Mac: I'm saying I did an ocular assessment of the situation garnered that he was not a security risk and I cleared him for passage.
Charlie: Nice tape job but, I noticed you stopped at the grill. Dennis: Ran out of tape but, I measured the opening of the door and it's shorter than the height of the grill.
Dee: Maybe you shouldn't have your window open! Mac: maybe you shouldn't be throwing jars of piss out the window!
Charlie: We're crab people now Dee. Dee: Crab people, Charlie?
Dennis: Maybe we should take a page out of ol' D &B's book.
Charlie: We live and die by the crab, Dee.
Dennis: What kind of a person salts another human being? There's no joy in salting someone.
Charlie: My god, there's not enough salt in the world for her.
Dennis: As a matter of fact I'm starting to think think we need to intervene on you for your goddamn illiteracy. Dee: Yeah, Charlie, you are getting real dumb. Charlie: Come on, alright, this is what I'm talking about. Illiteracy. You know, what does that word even mean?
Dee & Dennis: Intervention! Intervention! Charlie: Whoop! Whoop! Charlie & Dennis: You're trapped! You're trapped! You're trapped!
Charlie: Hyah! Hyah! Get out of here snail! Hyah! Go snail! Go! Hyah!
Mac: Oh my god, salt the snail! Salt the snail! Go!
Charlie: Do wasps make honey? Dennis: No wasps do not make honey. Charlie: Alright well I'm gonna check it out anyway, there could be something delicious in here that wasps do make and I want that.
Charlie: Tell you what, let me pop a quick H on this box this way we all know that it's filled with hornets.
Charlie: [trying to say that he is a philanthropist] I'm a full-on-rapist.
Charlie: Yes, my good man, I'll have the milk steak, boiled over hard, and your finest jelly beans...raw.
Frank: So the Wendy's manager was like "You gotta clean dat up!" and I was like they're your hamburgers you clean them up. Artemis was all bummed out about something I did to myself with the onions and now she won't talk to me.
Charlie: Sorry about that, some guy in the bathroom wouldn't give me his shirt.
Charlie: You don't know shit about chicks!!! Dennis: oh! we don't know shit about chicks?? so guess what bro, the waitress is getting marriage so suck on that!!!.......
Mac: I do not appreciate being paraphrased. I choose my words very deliberately.
Charlie: Look at this, dude. That's just a bucket of chestnuts. Dennis: Who has- Mac: What, is he just foraging for his food? Charlie: I don't know, why the hell would you have a bucket of chestnuts, bro?!
Dennis: You bet your ass I'm wearing women's underwear!
Charlie: We're both men of the law. You know. We get after it. You know, we jabber jaw, we go tit for tat. We have our little differences. But at the end of the day, you win some, I win some, and there's a mutual respect left over between us.
Charlie: I'll just regress, because I feel I've made myself perfectly redundant.
Mac: Two guns! Six boobs! We're all on the same team!
Charlie: Guess who just found some investors for kitten mittens? Dee: I told you, people love stupid shit! Charlie: Why do you keep calling it stupid, though? Dee: It's really stupid. But people are stupid too, so...
Charlie: Cats do not abide by the laws of nature.
Charlie: Cat in the wall, eh? Ok, now you're talking my language. I know this game.
Dee: Whoa, there are a lot of cats in this wall. Charlie: Yeah, I put a lot of cats in that wall.
Dennis: Hey, you want a skinless apple, bud? Charlie: Yuuuuup.
(Dennis is walking through the fair while pushing an old lady in a wheelchair.) Gladys: What's happening? Dennis: Well, Gladys, we are at a fair, and you're going to pretend to be my grandmother. Gladys: My grandmother had an affair with Susan B. Anthony.
Frank: See, I would have gone in and bought a box of magnum condoms, thus demonstrating I have a monster dong. Dennis: Right, that comes off a little bit desperate, Frank.
Frank: I got my magnum condoms and a wad of hundreds; I'm ready to plow!
Dennis: You mean to tell me you got you face painted like a god damn frog person with no ulterior motive? Ben: I'm a lizard!
Frank: The name's Mantis, Mantis Toboggan, M.D
Dennis: D: Demonstrate Value Dennis: E: Engage Physically Dennis: N: Nurture Dependence Dennis: N: Neglect Emotionally Dennis: I: Inspire Hope Dennis: S: Separate Entirely
Dennis: What are you doing here? Mac: Oh, I'm doing the MAC. Dennis: The MAC? Mac: Yeah, The MAC: Move in After Completion.
Frank: Oh whoops, ooh! I dropped my monster condom that I use for my magnum dong!
Frank: Snortski...Oooohhhhhh!
Frank: I'm doing this jerk-off's taxes. Next year, the IRS will audit the piss out of him!
Frank: Look how loose his jeans are!!
Charlie: I never thought I'd ever say this in my life, but it's weird sleeping without a cat in my bed
Dennis: We totally poisoned your asses!
Frank: How do kids study on this god damn ritterall? I can't stop grinding my teeth
Dennis: You know guys, I think this means that we've been relying on our parents too much, and we need to stick together and make our own Christmas good! Mac: Dude you're right! Listen I got something to do, but we're gonna do it together!
(Gang walks out of hospital room) Frank: Well what about me?
Charlie: ...Did you fuck my mom? Santa: Uhh.. Charlie: Did you fuck my mom, Santa Claus? Mac: Charlie what the hell?
Mac: Where's our bible? Dee: Seriously.. Mac: Where is our God damn bible?! Frank: This is a bar!
Mac: Oh Oh Oh! Everybody up on their high horse of marriage all of the sudden. Marriage is about procreation okay. This is gay marriage! That's two dudes bangin each other! What do ya get from that? Nothin! Nothin!
Frank: What the shit are you talking about!?!?
Nick: So what you're sayin' is you gonna whup my black ass with a rod, and as long as I get up in a few days, we all good?
Uncle Jack: Now this guy seems to think you don't have a case...and I'm inclined to agree with him!
Uncle Jack: Hey Mac, do you mind snapping a photo of us for the website? Now, and could you just put your hands over my hands, so they look like my hands?
Charlie: (Concerned) What the hell happened down there; some kind of horse massacre?
Frank: Anyone want any more catfish? Charlie: Yo dude. Definitely give me another one of those. They're delicious. And you can taste that sort of endangered tang...
Mac: Hey bro, how'd you lose your hand? Sailor: Diabetes. Mac: That's not much of an adventure is it? Kind of tragic.
Charlie: You keep on using this word "jabroni" and... it's awesome.
Radio host: Please don't curse. Mac: You can't censor me bro, I'm kind of a bad ass.
Radio host: "Reggie Leech" is... the correct answer! Charlie: AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!
Mac: We are not men who get a lot of opportunities, and the ones we've had we've squandered. Charlie: We've squandered them all.
The Waitress: I am not leaving here until you apologize to me. Dennis: Yeah, well, you're going to be here for a while. Frank: I'll give you fifty bucks if you take your top off... and drink soup out of my shoe.
Dennis: I have a proposition too. Why don't you walk in front of me so I don't get your blood all over my feet?
Dee: I bet you don't even have any black people here. Pool Guy: Excuse me, ma'am, but there's an African American family right there. Dee: Well good for you. You keep a couple token ones around. Do you parade them around like a couple dancing monkeys?
Mac: Stride, stride, execute!
Mrs. Mac: They ain't American, I don't want to know them. Mrs. Kelly: I know. I wish they'd all go back to the desert. Mac: It does seem like they're bonding. Charlie: It's not really a Golden Girls type conversation, it's a racist conversation.
Mac: Mom was a manager of Jiffy Lube for many years. Charle: I never heard about this. Mac: Well, she doesn't like to brag. She started her way at the bottom and worked her way to the tippidy top. Charlie: There's only three people at Jiffy Lube so it's not exactly a high climb.
Frank: We're trying to piece a night together and we need your help. Artemis: I don't remember that night. Frank: I didn't tell you which night yet. Artemis: I don't remember most evenings.
Dee: Just so I'm clear, you don't actually think things are going to come alive because you're spending the night in museum, right?
Dee: I'm not fat, I'm pregnant!
Mac: I browned out that evening. Frank: Browned out? What's browned out? Mac: It's when you drink so much that everything goes brown. It's not as severe as a black out because I remember bits and pieces. I call it browning out.
Mac: A lot of great actors have done blackface. Dennis: There's countless examples of very classy actors doing black face. We got the great C. Thomas Howell in Soul Man. We got the Wayans Brothers in White Chicks. That was a very tasteful example of reverse blackface.
Charlie: Principal McIntyre, I recently started mentoring one of the kids here. Principal McIntyre: Really? That's odd, because you're a janitor.
Frank: You gotta do the lips funny!
[bird screeching] Charlie: Wow. Did you see that? Dee: Yeah, yeah. I saw that. Charlie: That came like right at you. Is this safe?
Charlie (eating spaghetti out of a zip-loc bag): What's your spaghetti policy?
Charlie: Are you wearing makeup? Dennis: I'm always wearing a little bit of foundation but that's not the point.
Frank: Animals should be food, rugs and trophies. Why do you think I'm wearing a leather suit? Dee: That's leather? I thought it was plastic. Frank: Who the hell wears a plastic suit? Dee: I just don't question the things you do anymore.
Dennis: That's all our money! Charlie: No, it's all my money. You lost your money when you said no to the trucker.
Charlie: If animals have taught me anything, it's that you can easily die and very quickly under a bus and on the side of the road.
Charlie: This is for the rats!
Dee: This sucks. This sucks a bag of dicks.
Dennis: Without the sunglasses, Weekend at Bernie's would have been a very dark, strange tale.
Mac: Parenting is pretending you know what you're talking about, then jamming it down their throat!
[To Roxy's Corpse] Frank: Roxy, God Bless you. You were a good whore, you serviced me like no other whore ever did; not only my crank, but my heart - and I'm gonna miss you. AMEN.
Frank: I love eggs, Charlie. And I love crabs. And I love boiling denim and banging whores. And I don't care if anyone doesn't like that about me, they don't have to stick around.
Dennis: You look fat as shit! I'm getting very concerned with the integrity of our organization here. Mac, you have gained 50 pounds of fat." Mac: "Mass." Dennis: "Fat." Mac: "Muscle." Dennis: Let's be clear. Fat."
Mac: "People change, Frank. Look at me: I went from a tiny twink to the muscle-bound freak you see before you."
Mac: "But I'm healthy besides the diabitis. Doctor: "Um, no. Mac: "But I'm more healthier than he is, is the point I think you're trying to make, even with the diabitis. Dennis: Dude, stop saying "diabitis"! You sound like an ass...
Charlie: "The other day we were hanging out under the bridge, we found a box of denim, and I'm like "these look like good jeans in here," and (Frank)'s like "Wanna split them with me 50/50?" That's a nice thing to do."
Charlie: Hoooooolllllyyyy Shhhittt! Is that the ocean? Dennis: Yeah buddy that's the ocean. Charlie: What's on the other side of it there? Frank: Europe. Charlie: Now how long would it take.... Dennis: Do not try to swim to Europe. Charlie: Don't swim to Europe.
Mac: Whoa! What's that? You were supposed to get booze! Frank: This is Ham... *soaked* in Rum. It's Loaded with booze. Mac: Goddamn it Frank, eating your drinks? That is genius!
Frank: Hey, warm sun, cool ocean breezes, getting rip sh*t on ham. Mac: Wouldn't you say we're getting... Hammered?
Mac: "As a man who works very hard to maintain a certain level of physical excellence... I find shortcuts insulting. Now give me a piece of ham now!"
Frank: We gotta write a song about how we do not diddle kids! (singing) "Do not diddle kids! It's no good diddling kids!" Mac (annoyed): There is no quicker way for people to think that you're diddling kids than by writing a song about it! Frank: You gotta write a song like
I wouldn't do it with anyone younger than my daughter, no little kids, gotta be big, older than my wife, older than my wife, something like that... (Charlie looks at Mac, as if to say, "Should I? 'Cause I have an idea...") Mac (annoyed): Don't write a song about that.
Frank: Do I look suspicious? Frank:Hey Charlie you asleep? Charlie are you asleep? Charlie: No. NO.
(whiny and tired) Frank: I got a great idea.
Archer: I have to go. But if I find one single dog hair when I get back, I'll rub...sand...in your dead little eyes. Woodhouse: Very good, sir. Archer: [pause] I also need you to go buy sand. Woodhouse: Yes, sir. Archer: I don't know if they grade it, but... coarse.
Archer: [to Pam] I'll throw these doughnuts on the ground so you can pretend they're marbles and you're a hungry hungry... [Pam abruptly shuts the door on Archer] ...hungry hippo.
Archer: Johnny Bench called.
Malory: [noticing doughnuts scattered across the floor] Oh, for heaven's sake... do you want ants? Because that's how you get ants!
Archer: Oh, I'm crazy? Cyril, you're the one who killed a perfectly good hooker.
Malory: Immigrants! That's how they do, you know. Just drive around listening to raps and shooting all the jobs.
Archer: Oh my God, you killed a hooker! Cyril: Call girl! She was a call girl! Archer: No, Cyril, when they're dead, they're just hookers!
Cyril: Will I get to learn karate? Archer: Karate?! The Dane Cook of martial arts?! No. ISIS agents use Krav Maga.
Cheryl: Hey, Pam, check this out. [Pam looks at computer] Pam: Holy shit snacks! Malory: We have snacks?!
Pam: Holy hell, what happened to you? Malory: Scatterbrain Jane...
Lana: Hey, Jane! [pulls out a switch blade] Gettin' a snack? [Later] Lana: Hey, Jane! [pulls out a switch blade] Gettin' a tampon?
Cyril: Oh, I think we're pretty diverse. Lana: Ha! Please... Archer: What? You're black... ish... Lana: "ISH?" Archer: Well, what's the word for it, Lana? You freaked out when I said "Quadroon!" Lana: Imagine that! Archer: You imagine it! Malory: Both of you, imagine shutting up!
[Archer is hammering some paper into a shredder using a stapler] Lana: What are you doing? Archer: Uh, none-of-your-business-ing. And what kind of spy agency skimps on a freaking shredder?
Cyril: Yeah, she's kind of weird that way. Conway: Yeah, she's kind of weird a bunch of ways.
Pam: And don't go starting rumors about Conway boning your mother. [Archer throws up] Pam: You get any of that in the trashcan? Archer: No. I missed on purpose.
Archer: Lana, call Kenny Loggins... 'cuz you're in the Danger Zone.
[Lana slaps Archer] Lana: I want you to listen to me. Archer: Then unperforate my eardrum. Lana: Un... head up your ass.
[Archer and Conway are hugging after they completed their mission. Conway stabs Archer in the back] Archer: Conway? Conway: Yeah, buddy. Archer: Are there more bad guys behind me? Conway: Nope. Archer: You dick.
Conway: You haven't seen the last of Conway Stern... Which is not my real name.
Malory: And I don't want another one of your sullen whores using my medicine cabinet like a Pez dispenser.
Archer: You said no dates. Malory: I said no such thing. Archer: Well, your mouth did. Malory: Well, your mouth better get over there and make Torvald happy! Archer: Um, phrasing?
Malory: [to Archer] Regale him with tales of ISIS exploits. Take his mind off Lana's huge Johnny Benchian fingers. Lana: Could we get off my fingers? Cyril: Yeah, they are pretty big. Lana: First time I've heard you complain.
Archer: All I've had today is, like, six gummy bears and some scotch.
Woodhouse: [as everyone wonders what to with the bodies of Utne & Elke] I shall fetch a rug!
Malory: But they were blanks! Weren't they? Archer: Only if the back of his skull picked that exact moment to explode outwards.
Cyril: [carrying Torvald's body] I should be carrying her. Archer: [carrying Elke's body] Cyril, I paid her, I get to carry her corpse.
Cheryl: Oh, I thought we were laughing at the dead people we set on fire.
Mallory: Oh, all Hispanics look roguish.
Archer: [Wearing only a towel and baseball catcher's mask] WOODHOUSE! Do we have any lube? Like at this point even some olive oil would [finds his mother in the living room] help me get that drawer unstuck.
Mallory: And don't even get me started on Miss Gillette. [Meanwhile, at the office] Gillette: [To Pam and Cheryl] She has never liked me. But someday I'm gonna write a book about this place. Mhm, a real smackaroonie.
Charles: Oh my god, you like... sneeze glitter.
Charles: What? Normal as opposed to gay? Rudy: Implying that gay is abnormal? Archer: Not abnormal, just... gay!
Charles: Yeah. Latino men, you take the bad with the good.
Charles: Oh my god, yes. Those NAZI uniforms? Rudy: Hugo Boss! Charles: Shut up! Rudy: Swear to god.
Woodhouse: Sir, that stolen lemur bit one of your prostitutes right in the face and she says she can't go to hospital because she's, quote, "tripping balls."
Archer: Jesus, Krieger, you're still taping bum fights? Krieger: No, now I'm into something... darker.
Archer: Way the Christ out in the Everglades burying some Dominican guy's rooster! Charles: Fun! Wha - Oh, you mean literally.
Ramón: Mamá always said, "Ramón, un hombre real debe saber cocinar." ["A real man should know how to cook"] Archer: Mine always said, "Sterling, come in here and check me for lumps." Holy shit, was that out loud?
Woodhouse: From the looks of it, and not to mention the lemur, I would hazard he's taking a personal day.
Woodhouse: Sir, the lemur bit one of the schoolgirls and she says she cannot go to the hospital because she is, quote, "tripping balls".
Woodhouse: I'm afraid the lemur got into the pudding cups. Archer: Yeah, like I told you he would! You idiot!
Charles: We bought those for him and if you throw them off the roof I will fly to New York and fling acid in your face.
Archer: Out macho a gay guy? Oh my stars! Charles: Hmm, or you could be a sarcastic bitch your whole life.
Charles: Okay, we're off to get our scrotums waxed!
Archer: Yeah? Well, I'm dangerous and I'm going to win and GAY SEX!
Archer: So, are you two even really gay!? Charles: As big ol' tangerines, yes.
Archer: How do you say "The Hulk" in Spanish? Ramone: "El Hulk". Archer: Gay. Ramone: What? We don't have a word for "Hulk". Archer: Do you have a word for "gay"? Ramone: Gay. Archer: Gayer! Jesus, Spanish! Our jobs aren't enough; now you gotta take our words?
Archer: [Stifling laughter] Woodhouse: he's all tied up somewhere, sc-scared and alone. PROBABLY DEHYDRATED!
Archer: Cyril, c'mon. Worst case scenario, her cover got blown and Skorpio's raping her senseless before he chops her battered corpse up into fish food. [Everyone gasps] Archer: What? I said worst case.
Cyril: I moved in with my last girlfriend after four weeks! Lana: What are you? A lesbian? Pam: Why, would you be into that? Just curious... which was an odd word choice right there... and am I talking out loud...?
Pam: And that's the reason I never have sex with my coworkers. That... and no one ever lets me. Krieger: I've had good results with ether.
Krieger: Every single noun and verb in that sentence totally arouses me. Pam: And I'm so open to that.
Krieger: These corporate bag munchers owe me $630 for my GODDAMN FLEX ACCOUNT.
Malory: But even though Cyril may be clingy... Lana: Oh, Saran Wrap could take a lesson.
Archer: [After being distracted by Lana in her underwear] Right, because you walked into Strippers Discount Warehouse and said, 'Help me showcase my intellect'!
Malory: Oh, shut up. And Cyril? Very eager to know why you're still here. Lana: He was just- Cyril: -just helping Lana get settled! Archer: Trust me, Cyril, she already settled.
Archer: Lana. Lana! LANA!!! Lana: WHAT?!? Archer: Danger Zone.
Lana: Cyril is already freaked out enough about us sharing this shoebox without you air-drying your unkempt bush. Archer: Unkempt bush!? You're one to talk. Lana: My vulva is smoother than a veal cutlet!
Lana: What would you say if I told you your mother made a phony bomb threat just to get a free ride on a blimp? Archer: I'd say that's fairly classic her.
Lana: CAP-tain LAM-mers! Archer: Nice read, Velma.
Pam: Wow, you are just a dog in a manger. Cheryl: I don't know what that means, Pam. I didn't grow up on a cheese farm. Pam: Oh, for the - It's called a dairy.
[Lana finds Archer running away from the bomb] Lana: Where the fuck are you going?! Archer: To get my turtleneck! I'm not diffusing a bomb in this.
Captain Lammers: The stock price could only go up, they said. Well guess what? Archer: Uh... it didn't?
Cyril: [Wearing a small purple robe] Help me, Archer! I think I'm losing it here! Archer: Yeah, what gave it away, my mothers ro-WHY ARE YOU IN MY MOTHER'S ROBE?! Cyril: I can explain this! Archer: I don't think I want you to.
Archer: There's your bomber: Beardsley McTurbanhead.
Pam: God damn it! We're moving! Cheryl: I know! Pam: What happened to half an hour?! Cheryl: I lied!
Lana: What are you doing back there? Archer: I don't know! Lana: What, are you just hitting random keys? Archer: Well, obviously!
Lana: [To Malory] So as you can see, we are completely unprepared for this mission! Archer: [Wearing night-vision goggles and holding a shovel] Unless it involves night-shoveling.
Archer: Cyril. Cyril! CYRIL! Cyril: What?! Archer: I'm rescuing Lana, as usual! Cyril: Hey, shut up!
Cheryl: I love that you know how to do that. Krieger: And I love that I have an erection... that doesn't involve homeless people.
Pam: Holy shit, you geeks are badass.
Lana: We'll never catch him in this thing! Archer: Maybe you should've thought about that before you blew the damn drop! Lana: I blew jack shit! Archer: Name dropper.
Archer: ODIN doesn't beat Sterling Archer! Only Sterling Archer beats... [He trails off as he realizes he's lost the target.] Lana: Do you wanna finish that thought? Archer: Do you wanna shut your big, fat, negative-wordsy mouth?!
Lana: No! Baby, I am putting you in the corner.
Lana: Telex. You got one in here? Archer: Why? So you can smash that too? Lana: No. Archer: [Talking over Lana] Because I'm pretty sure I'm financially responsible for the furnishings!
Archer: Mother burned me? Lana: Apparently. Archer: Oh, my god, that's classic her. Lana: You're both classic her.
Pam: Looks like Jonestown in here. Malory: Yes, Pam, get me some poison, because I am already dead inside. Pam: Too dead inside to read good news? Malory: Is it my obituary? Pam: Well, it's not that good.
Malory: And? Pam: And... Malory: And are you going to loom over me all day, like some sort of... henge?
Archer: [To Lana] Oh, OK! Then I guess just pout!
Cyril: You've cheated on Lana plenty. Archer: Yeah, but with starlets, models. Oh, and one time, two actual princesses. Pam: Two at the same time? Archer: Yeah. They were sisters. Pam: Sploosh!
Archer: You just destroyed my innocence! Mallory: Oh, please! That Brazilian au pair did that when you were 13. Archer: 12!
Major Jackov: [Discussing his plan to kidnap Archer] Turn him into, how you say, vole? Russian Soldier: I think you mean mole. Major Jackov: Ah? Russian Soldier: Mole. Vole is also rodent but more closely related to lemming.
Krieger: [as his mechanical robot hand chokes Cheryl] Oh, God! Sorry! [He shuts the hand off] Cheryl: What are you doing?! Krieger: I thought you said "start slacking off." Cheryl: Not "slacking off"!
Archer: Hey! Kidnappers! Super not in the mood for this right now!
Cyril: Why are you even here? Ray: Hello... [holding up number to bid on sex with Lana] Cyril: But you're gay! Ray: Girl, please, nobody's that gay.
Archer: I know, right? Totally McQueen!!
Archer: You seriously have to get out of here before the cops come... Or wait, what do you have in Switzerland? Some kind of pikemen?
Anka: I'm from Germany, where the age of consent is 14. Archer: What is it, the Alabama of Europe? Anka: In many ways, yes.
Archer: Fuck you, Switzerland.
Lana: Was that before or after you got caught fondling a teenager? Archer: Well, obviously before; after was all gendarmes and dick stitches.
Archer: I saved her life! Go ask that dick I set on fire.
Anka: Are you insane?! Archer: No. Just incredibly pissed off!
Anka: That's no fun, then you don't get to squirt that hot white cream all over your face! Archer: Why aren't you with Gillette?!
Cheryl: Trust me, you can't control a person's heart. Krieger: You can with a little thing I call a deep cycle marine battery. [pause] Or LSD. Cheryl: Is that what you've been giving me? Krieger: ...Yes. Cheryl: I just thought they were breath strips!
Barry: ...So don't try to do anything stupid. Archer: I don't have to try [pause] Shit, whatever. Move. [walks away]
Cyril: These are from a doctor! Cheryl: So? Krieger's a doctor. Cyril: Not the medical kind! Krieger: Not even the other kind, technically.
[Krieger demonstrates the mind control chip in a rabbit] Archer: Freaky! Krieger: You wanna know what's freaky? Guess what I already named that bunny. Archer: Rabbert Klein? Krieger: Wow. That's... actually better. Archer: It's all yours.
Archer: [talking about a mind control chip placed in a rabbit] Can you put it in a person's brain? Krieger: [pause] It'd suffocate... Archer: Not the rabbit, idiot; the chip. Krieger: Oh, yes. Absolutely. Archer: Without killing the person? Krieger: Oh. [pause] Maybe?
Archer: Cyril, better pill up; you're assisting Krieger with the surgery. Cyril: Why me? Archer: You're good at math. Cyril: How's that supposed to help? Archer: Can't hurt.
Trexler: Barry, you ass, for the love of all that's green take me and Rabbert to the lettuce store.
Archer: Hey, you idiots wanna hear my plan or not? [Silence] Alright... Suggestions. Cyril: About what? Archer: What are we talking about... Stopping my mother from selling ISIS to ODIN! Cyril: You said you had a plan. Archer: My plan is to crowdsource a plan!
Archer: I feel terrible. Malory: That's because those ODIN ghouls drained a fifth of your blood! Archer: Oh, hey, speaking of fifth... Malory: A drink's the last thing you need!
[Archer is throwing all Woodhouse's shoes off the balcony] Archer: Because I told you to buy Lemon Curd! Now what am I going to spread on my toast, Your tears?!
Krieger: Have you ever thought about having children? Cheryl: Sometimes I think I'd like to adopt a little baby. [Pause] So I could abandon it at a mall. Krieger: That answers my follow up question.
[Cyril is unconscious in the bathroom] Pam: Cyril. Hey, you awake? [Undoing her belt and dropping her skirt] 'Cause this is about to get weird.
Lana: Pam! Get off Cyril! Pam: [Coming out of the bathroom] I was trying to get him off, Buttinski!
Archer: Thank you, certified air boat mechanic!
Archer: WOOOHOOOOOOO!!! THIS MUST BE WHAT IT'S LIKE TO HAVE SEX WITH ME! Lana: HOW CAN AN AIR BOAT BE SELFISH?!
Archer: Burt Reynolds is my spirit guide! Lana: Did you say "man crush"? Archer: No, I'm pretty sure it was "shut up!"
Cyril: For god's sake, Pam! Have you no sense of decency? That bathroom's like a... a war crime. Pam: Don't blame me, it's those new low-flow toilets! With the old ones, you could flush a dachshund puppy. [Pause] I mean, not that you would.
Josh Gray: Lana, I really like your new hairdo. Lana: Well, if you like the collar, you're gonna love the cuffs...
Archer: That's just great. She gets dinner and Dixieland and laid. And I get mosquitoes and no beer and... not laid. How could this get any... [alligator surfaces and growls] LET ME FINISH... worse. You ruined it. You ruined the moment.
Archer: You realise you're in huge trouble? Woodhouse: Yes, sir. Archer: And now I have to spend my first Friday off in forever devising some bizzare punishment for you? Woodhouse: Yes, sir. Archer: So don't be surprised if you end up eating a whole bunch of... spiderwebs.
Archer: He might have a tiny hangover...
Archer: You want me to take a baby to a murder? Malory: Wherever, just out of here. I have no more love left to give today. Archer: Yeah and what is it? Two-Thirty?
Reggie: You scoundrel. Is that brandy? Woodhouse: Oh no sir, just water. Reggie: Water? Oh, never touched the stuff. Fish fuck in it.
Reggie: Good God, man, are you hourly?
Lana: SO GO ALREADY! Bag with which one douches.
Archer: Render the salad unto Caesar!
Pam: Frickin' head's poundin', I'm sweatin' booze and my mouth's killin' me! Cheryl: You're the one who stuffed four pool balls in it. Pam: Personal best! Lana: Your mother must be SO proud.
Lana: [To Archer] What's up with your mother? Archer: What comes after infuriated?
Cyril: So how about I take a look at it? I'm sure I could kill that pesky ol' worm. Lana: How? You gonna disappoint it to death?
Cheryl: And now we're on the brink of World War Two. Pam: Three. Cheryl: It's not a competition, Pam!
Archer: It's like it's made out of Wolverine's bones.
Archer: Krieger, whose virtual girlfriend is so real that the state of New York is allowing him to legally marry her!
Malory: So how's this going? Dr. Krieger: Not great.
Cheryl: Who am I, Elisha Otis?
Archer: Get me drunk enough and I might have sex with you. Pam: Really? Archer: No! Its a catch-22. The amount of alcohol it would take would literally kill me! Pam: Dick. Archer: But I do want to see how many pool balls you can fit in your mouth. Pam: My record is three.
Archer: Who am I, Alan Turing?
Archer: [Spotting Spelvin's bikini-clad Asian ninja bodyguards] I'm suddenly much less angry.
[Archer is disarmed and wounded by Spelvin's bikini-clad Asian ninja bodyguards] Archer: Damn it, Cyril! You said they were sexy! Cyril: Ninjas are sexy!
Archer: Am I getting some signals?
Archer: Come back to me, I can do better.
Archer: Come, Kriegerbots, avenge your fallen comrade! What voice is that? Is that from Bullwinkle?
Rona: Lana, hush! If you sit quietly, the toxin should wear off in, like, four hours. But if you struggle, your heart could... Archer: [Bursting in with his gun drawn] Freeze!
Russian Soldier: [Patting the voice-changing gadget] Is my new favourite device of ever.
Malory: Pam, those quarterly reports better be on my desk when I walk in there! Pam: Ummm... Are you walking in there right now?
[Malory has revealed she may have breast cancer] Krieger: My entire laboratory is at your disposal. Malory: [Sarcastically] Thanks. I'll let you know if I need a hybrid pig-boy. Krieger: A What?! I don't have one of those! [Cut to a shot of Krieger killing 'Pigley'] ... Anymore.
[Archer is standing over what appears to be a partly-dismantled nuclear warhead. It's emitting a green glow] Archer: Wait, seriously don't open it? Ray: [via Com link] Yes! Archer: Oh. I thought you were being sarcastic.
Archer: [Holding a radioactive vial] Looking for this? Or maybe the lead container I probably should've kept it in?
Archer: Yup, Stage Two breast cancer. Yeah, I mean it's not as bad as stage three or four. But, obviously not as good as no cancer.
Archer: [To Woodhouse] Macrobiotic food. Find out what that is and start cooking it.
Mallory: [seriously drunk without eating all day] If I don't get something to eat, I'm literally going to die.
Cyril: I spent last night in the tombs, getting worked over by the cops! Ray: Fun! ... Oh, you mean literally.
Cheryl: [In the waiting room] Oh my god! how much Cancer was in him? This is so boring and forever-taking.
Archer: Wow, what a pussy. I could barely even keep up, he was spilling the beans so fast. Lana: Well, you threatened to shove a knife up his dick hole. Which, again, ick. Archer: Well excuse me, Lana. It's a rampage.
Archer: Don't you worry, Ruth... I'm gonna make them pay for it. Malory: What are you - ? Sterling, No! You're not well. What are you going to do? Archer: Cry havoc and let slip the hogs of war! Lana: Dogs of war... Archer: Whatever farm animal of war, Lana! Shut up!
Archer: What have I been doing? Lana: Chain-smoking joints the size of tampons! Archer: Ew! Lana: Figure of speech. Archer: Still, though. Lana: Are you not rampaging? I thought you were rampaging.
Cheryl: I spent, like, every summer there listening to my creepy great-grandmother bitch about Abraham Lincoln. Apparently slavery was pretty awesome. Malory: Prove it. Archer: What's to prove? It's free labor.
Malory: Why would anyone want to kidnap you? Cheryl: Because my last name isn't Gimple, like it says on my W-4. It's Tunt. Archer: Tum again?
Lana: [looking out the window of Cheryl's mansion] Is... that... Cheryl: [rolling her eyes] Yesss... Lana: The Roosevelt Mansion?! Cheryl: Total shitbox, they're weird.
[A kidnapper punches Pam in the face] Pam: Who taught you how to punch? [Spits] Your husband?
[Archer is talking to the kidnappers] Archer: How long do I need to keep them on? Ray: Two minutes. Lana: What?! Archer: What happened to thirty seconds?! Ray: Uh, your mother's budget priorities?!
Kidnapper: You idiots! This isn't Cheryl Tunt! Pam: That's what I've been tryin' to tell ya. Between this little gal's love-taps - [Kidnapper hits Pam in the face] Seriously, maybe see if your daddy'll give you a roll of nickels.
Pam: Screw them! Especially Cheryl; I hope you kidnap the shit out of her.
Cheryl: It's crazy stupid boring in here! Archer: Well, now you know how Babou feels. Cheryl: ...Crepuscular?
Kidnapper: Thanks for getting us inside, Pam. [beat] Someone shoot her. Pam: Oh, OK, then good luck with all the biometric scanners. Unless you wanna cut off my fingers and scoop out my retinas. [Pause] Oh, don't be dicks!
[Pam's using a retina scanner] Kidnapper: Would you hurry up?! Pam: Hey, I'm not the one smashed my eyes into eggplants! Nutsack!
Cheryl: I didn't kidnap myself, he did! [points at Cyril] Cyril: Who, me?! No! No, I've been up here the whole time, having some phone sex! Just jackin' it...on the telephone. Archer: Um, does internet porn know you're cheating on it?
[Archer is behind Cheryl, who is screaming] Archer: Shut up! That vest is bullet-proof! Cheryl: Oh. [gets shot in the arm] OW! Archer: But it is, y'know, a vest.
Malory: I don't care if it's a Wehrmacht reunion party, this isn't my first Grand Prix you know.
Malory: Oh don't worry. He may be a vain, selfish, lying, and quite possibly alcoholic man-whore, but gambling is one vice Sterling doesn't have. Archer: Uh, I guess it's cause he's doing all that other awesome stuff, thanks mother.
Malory: Why isn't there a metal briefcase full of bearer-bonds handcuffed to your drinking arm?! Archer: Uh, [Raises his glass] pretty sure you just answered your own question.
Lana: Why would she pay four millions dollars for unverified information? Ray: Well, either she's getting Alzheimer's... Archer: Hey. Ray: Or it's another sex-tape. Archer: HEY! [pause] Actually, that would not surprise me.
[repeatedly] Various: Benoit... Archer: Balls.
Archer: Lana, what are you mad at me for? Mother took your 401(k). All I did was foolishly gamble it all away. Ray: ...He does have a point.
, Benoit: Impossible, madam: all my bellhops have been taken prisoner by the Wehrmacht.
Archer: There's a zoo here?
Pam: ...And some blow jobs... I mean, printers.
Archer: He's headed for the coast road! Ray: Thanks Captain Obvious!
Lana: What the hell are you doing?! Archer: Shooting at his tires so he loses control and drives off the cliff! Lana: With the bearer bonds! Archer: Yes, Lana, with the... Dammit!
Benoit: I can't see, you fool; get off! Archer: I am getting off, I love this.
Pilot: [sigh] What an asshole...
Russian: What an asshole...
Malory: And then I put whipped cream over everything and you know where this goes...
Lana: Undercover? Malory: Of course undercover! Lana: As what? Russia's only black woman?
Malory: You're still together? Barry: Ex-fiance, thats what I meant to say. Malory: Well, then it wasn't meant to be. Barry: [nervous chuckle] I don't even know... how to respond to that.
Barry: Lesson one - Archer: Don't "lesson one" me, Barry.
Barry: According to ODIN's guy in the KGB. Which, as a real agency, we have. Malory: We've got guys in the KGB too, smarty. Barry: Yeah. So I hear. Malory: How did... Pam! Pam: [From outside office] I'm still not eavesdropping!
Archer: Piece of - ! How are you a super power!?
Archer: Oh that is bullshit! Who would break into this shit hole!?
Russian: Come on, we don't have all night. Archer: Yeah right, like you've got plans. Russian: Goodbye, Mr. Archer. Archer: Hey. Fuck you, you douche bag.
Archer: [sounding like Cyril] Hello... Malory: What in the name of prepaid venereal disease do you think you're doing? Archer: I... uh... Katya: Darling, I know she is old, but you allow such talk from your secretary?
Malory: And don't you want to freshen up after your long ride? Archer: Phrasing, Mother!
Dr. Krieger: Almost as cool as my van.
Russian: If I tell you all at once, your head might explode... Along with comb over.
Archer: It's ok, it was just cancer sex.
Archer: So you! [Smack] Can you hack into the KGB servers? Bilbo: pfft... Does one ring rule them all?
Ray: For God's sake woman, are you hearing yourself? He's your son, not a... Lana: Ray, she got him to quit drinking... Ray: [Lifts guns] So what's the plan?
Archer: Wait, does Canada even have a spy agency? Katya: Yes, but... Archer: Wha - why? Haha, it's Canada.
Major Jackov: So, Comrade Bionic Barry, can you solve my Kasnova problem? Barry: Yeah, probably. If I knew and/or cared what that was. But since I don't and/or do not, I'm going to kill and/or murder Sterling Archer.
Malory: I swear, if any one saw me in this awful van. Lana: How could they with this illegal ass window tint. Dude, this van is like, rolling probable cause. Malory: So all ashore from the S.S. Date Rape. Ray: Toot toot.
Archer: Is anybody hit? Not really the explosive climax I thought it was gonna be. Ray: Is nobody gonna touch that? Seriously?
Ray: Yeah, it is the first thing they'd do. It's like, counter-intelligence 101.
Ray: How 'bout a disgraced former minister. Long story, kinda boring, but I am still licensed by the state to perform marriages, the irony of which is not lost on me.
Archer: [To Barry] How are you not dead? Barry: The Russians turned me into the unholy abomination of metal fused with flesh that now stands before you.
Archer: [While being choked by Barry] Wow, Barry, you're like super-strong! Barry: Yeah, did I mention I'm a cyborg?
Barry: What part of "I'm a cyborg" are you people still not getting? Archer: The core concept, I guess.
Barry: YEAH! One for three off the roof, Bitch! WOO!
Malory: FOR THREE MONTHS! Sterling has been missing for three months and you idiots have not been able to find him! Ray: Well, name-calling is not going to get us- [Malory lets out a long sentence full of profanity, all covered by a long *Bleep*]...anywhere.
Pam: What a hunk Cheryl: Total sploosh. Lana: Yeah, gotta give him a sploosh. Ray: And whatever my equivalent of sploosh is. Which I guess is just sploosh. Only with semen.
Archer: So excuse me for needing some time to grieve. Rip: By tending bar and banging newly weds? Archer: Apparently that's my grieving process.
Archer: A ruse? Hi, it's the 1930s. Can we have our words and clothes and shitty airplane back? Rip: Let's go, kid. Archer: Call you back, 1930s. And, hey, watch out for that Adolf Hitler. He's a bad egg.
Malory: But if the emergency beacon is going off -- oh my God, their plane crashed! Cheryl: (gasps) I said that would happen and it did! What if I have psycho-kinetic powers?! Pam: I dunno, just try to only use em for good. Cheryl: ....no.
Pirate Captain: What a hell, dumb guy?
Rip: You just killed like ten pirates. Archer: Wow, if the five year old me knew that, he'd get a huge boner.
Archer: Noah, I'm half drunk and slathered in every bodily fluid there is... so yeah... this is about as Pirate Kingy as I'm going to get so brief away... Noah... Good Morning.
Lana: What's your blood type? Archer: How should I know? Lana: How could you NOT know? Archer: Who am I, Karl Landsteiner?
[Archer's team have just lost a pub quiz, thanks to Pam] Archer: Your exact words, Pam: "Dr. Charles Drew or I will eat a bag of dicks"! Pam: [Belch] Bring 'em!
Bucky: You will never make it to the helicopter. My men will cut you down like dogs! Archer: Thanks, Human Shield.
Lana: (while shooting at pirates) AAAHHHH!!!!! GET SOME, YOU SONS OF BITCHES! SUCK IT!
Cheryl: BUUUURT REYNOLDS! IS ON LINE ONNNNNEEEE!!!!...for you, for some reason.
[Pam and Cheryl are looking at pictures of Burt Reynolds online] Pam: I swear to god, you could drown a toddler in my panties right now! ... Not that you would.
Malory: [To Cheryl] I swear, if you throw that computer on the floor one more time, you'll wake up in a mental ward with total amnesia under someone else's name! Pam: That's actually kinda scary. Cheryl: Nah. Wouldn't be the first time.
Burt Reynolds: That's not your car? Archer: Yeah. What? Burt Reynolds: Nothing... I just didn't know they sold those to men. Archer: Sure, laugh it up, Burt. Burt Reynolds: I am.
Cheryl: That Burt Reynolds is so freaking awesome! Archer: Yeah, he... kinda is. Pam: After this, I am going to go home, watch Hooper and masturbate until my fingers bleed. [Cheryl and Archer stare at her] Cheryl: Just tape them up!
Ray: You're taking me out of the field? Malory: Well, unless we need someone to go undercover as a shopping cart...
Malory: If you were in my tax bracket, you wouldn't be shouting such socialist propaganda. Archer: Or wearing such shitty clothes.
Archer: [On Cyril being a field agent] The last time I tried to train him resulted in a dead hooker in my trunk! Cyril: There was no dead hooker. Archer: There easily could have been!
Archer: Well, look on the bright side. Lana: Which is? Archer: Which is what? Lana: You just said look on the bright side. Archer: It's a figure of speech.
Lana: You're looking for Predator, aren't you? Archer: ...Yes. Lana: [sighs] Couple things. A, he's invisible. Archer: Not totally, he has a tell-tale shimmer.
Cheryl: [vomiting in a toilet] Oh, my God. I'm gonna die in a toilet stall, just like the gypsy said! Pam: Damn that Krieger! Nazi clone bastard!
Calzado: Tomorrow I will be hunting the most dangerous game in the world. Archer: Jai alai?
Lana: [As she and Archer try to run away] Go, go, go - [Archer grabs her shirt and pulls her back to the ground as he runs away] AH! Are you really that selfish?! Archer: Apparently!
Archer: AGH! Eat a dick, jungle!
Archer: For a second there I thought you were a crocodile on a three wheeler. Calzado: Crocodiles on a three wheeler? Archer: Right, how scary would that be?
Calzado: What the hell, damn guy?!
Archer: Speaking of excellence, did you hear we met a tiger? But... he was murdered.
Archer: I've always wanted to fight on top of a moving train. Bilko: Well, if I know my boys, you might get your chance, big guy. Archer: Thanks, Freddy Foreshadowing.
Cheryl: My great-grandfather was nuts for skating. That and the Klan.
Malory: Have the porter bring me a cobb salad. Lana: Before or after we capture the dangerous terrorist? Malory: Before.
Archer: I'm looking for a terrorist and an ocelot!
Kenny Bilko: [on the phone] Alright boys, these ISIS bastards are serious, they just shot a black guy. [waits for a response] I know right?! Welcome to America!
Archer: Get 'em up, Dudley Douche-bag!
Lana: Please tell me that's a smoke grenade. Archer: Okay... it's not though.
Archer: [Describing an ocelot's paw-prints] They look just like a house-cat's, but bigger and awesomer.
Archer: Paging Doctor Boy, Doctor Birthday Boy!
Archer: Does no one seriously know what today is? Pam: Tuesday? Cheryl: The rapture?
Archer: [staring at his back-lit, in-car minibar] It's like looking into the face of God.
Pam: Well go on, give your mom a hug. Malory: Oh, I don't think that's... Archer: [interrupting] Possible. Malory: What? Lana: Ugh, he's got an erection. Archer: It's this Corinthian leather!
Lana: How much did Dodge kick in? Malory: Not as much as you'd think.
Archer: Black, powerful, sexy. Like if Ron O'Neal was a car.
Malory: Who taught you to drive? Cheryl: This guy I know called my dead father. Malory: Oh... I... Cheryl: Yeah, I bet you feel like a dick.
Malory: That was for Pearl Harbor!
Archer: I have a question, Mother. Why does this chair have no seat... and WHAT... IS IN HIS ASS?!
Archer: Mother! What is in his ass?! Malory: Oh, please. Don't act like you've never seen a "marital aid" before. Archer: Not in a dead prime minister's ass! Malory: And you can stop repeating that! We've established where it is!
Lana: So, we've got a dead Italian prime minister in the living room which - Archer: Sucks, because I bet he knew how to make sauce.
Malory: So once again you're left with the classic Irish man's dilemma, do I eat the potato now or let it ferment so I can drink it later?
Archer: What is your problem with the Irish? Malory: You mean besides not being on our side in World War II? Archer: Yeah, besides that. Wait, seriously? They were Nazis? Lana: No! Archer: Well, they're not Japanese... Lana: Neutral!
Krieger: I need access to a two-inch drain, hot water, three GFCI outlets - this bathroom should do nicely - and a pot of coffee just like I like my women: black, bitter, preferably fair trade.
Archer: You got a potato? Malory: What is this? Christmas? And is Krieger... hard at work? Archer: He literally might be, yes. Lana: Ew.
Lana: Somebody's trying to frame Malory for murdering the Prime Minister of Italy. Cheryl: Oooo, I bet it's that wicked king!
Cyril: I hate all of you so much. Ray: No one cares, Figgis. You're only here to round out the numbers.
Malory: But Krieger, wait. The bathroom, the body, how did you - Krieger: [puts his finger over Malory's mouth] Shh shh shh shh shh shh shh. You don't want to know. But you do probably want to go wash your lips now.
Archer: The truth is that your seemingly effeminate brother is, in fact, a highly trained secret agent. Randy: [Sarcastically] Yeah, and I'm... something equally hard to believe is true.
Archer: I feel sick. What's happening? Do I have cancer again? Ray: You drank too much! Archer: That's a thing?
Ray: I'm coming out. Archer: Ha ha, phrasing.
[Repeated line, said by many different characters] Question: Is that the truth? Response: ...Mostly.
Archer: For I am a sinner in the hands of an angry God. Bloody Mary, full of vodka, blessed are you among cocktails. Pray for me now and at the hour of my death, which I hope is soon. Amen.
Major Jackov: Et tu, Brute?! Russian Soldier: Et me, buddy.
Cheryl: It has to be your place. Mine totally reeks of ocelot piss.
Archer: If anyone found out, I'd literally die of shame. Pam: And how do you think that makes me feel?! Archer: I don't care, Pam! [Pause] Having said that, would you please come into this dirty toilet stall and have sex with me? Pam: Oh, alright.
Pam: This time really get in there. All you've been doing is giving one side hell.
Archer: Who hunts dogs? Cheryl: Orientals, duh!
Archer: Where did you learn all that stuff? Pam: You know I grew up on a farm, right? Archer: Really hoping that's not relevant.
Archer: And instead of doing my job, I was here... Half-drunk and having amazing sex. Pam: Well, I wouldn't say "amazing." [Archer looks at her] C'mon, you were pushing rope!
Krieger: I'm not a... serial killer! Archer: Wait, why did you emphasize "serial"?
Pam: It's Bearclaw Monday!
Archer: [To Cyborg-Katya] That's your original skin, right? Krieger: [Under a cough] Hobo. Archer: What? Krieger: ...Yes?
[Archer and Cyborg-Katya are in bed. Cyborg-Katya's eyes are glowing red] Archer: Can you close your eyes? It feels like I'm banging tail-lights on a country road.
Lana: If you want to know why Archer is Archer, you need to go back in time and have a threesome with Oedipus and Sigmund Freud!
[Archer has drunk an entire bottle of scotch] Cyril: That was a gift to my grandfather! From Frank! SINATRA! Archer: Which makes me feel even more terrible, since I'm going to puke it back up in five - [burps] one minutes...
Mallory: What, were they [Barry and Katya] having sex? Lana: I think so. Mallory: Called it!
Lana: I know that sucked... Archer: Vacuum Cleaner puns?! Really?!
Archer: Barry Cheryl: Polo Archer: Will you shut up! Cheryl: (grunt) Polo Archer: Uhh! I say all sides by idiots
Krieger: Uhhh ... SMOKEBOMB! [runs away]
[Archer holding baseball mitt up, as ball slowly floats back to him] Archer: Fuck you, space.
Archer: Happy, Cyril?! You just destroyed Alderaan!
Archer: Are you trying to get my mother into the Million-Mile-High Club?
Drake: Are the restraints really necessary? Kellogg: Archer broke both Wu's arms. While shouting "Woo!" Archer: Happy accident.
Kellogg: What's taking so long?! Horizon Drone: Couple things. One, I didn't invent whatever this door's made of, which is apparently some alloy of adamantium and mithril. And two, not really liking your tone!
Barry: [singing] Flying into space. To shoot the dickbag... In his face!
Drake: I DARE YOU TO SAY "DWARVEN TECHNOLOGY"
Cyril: I think I got 'em. Did I get 'em? Lana: You did. You got those two guys, who were just minding their own business... Ooh! And also the one remaining person who could fly us back to Earth! Archer: A black astronaut, Cyril! That's like killing a unicorn!
Pam: Holy crapsnack, is this gonn - Archer: Don't, don't you say it.
Pam: Worse, I was going to say worse. Archer: What, really? Pam: Yes.
Carol: Jesus Christ, could you PLEASE think of somebody other than yourself for once in your life?! Lana: And that's her talking.
Pam: Speaking of, you see the bulge on that towel boy? Man, if I was you, I'd be in this spa 25/8. Cheryl: Yeah, but then I wouldn't get to hang out with everybody at work. Pam: You hate everybody at work. Cheryl: I know. It's the only thing that gets me out of bed every morning.
Lana: I want it on record that I think this is a terrible plan. Malory: Duly noted and disregarded. And I expect you to be totally convincing. Lana: As the damsel in distress? Have you ever met a woman less damsely? Malory: ...Pam.
Archer: Sour Mix? In a Margarita? What is this, Auschwitz?
Malory: I'm off for a seaweed wrap. Ray: [Under his breath] I didn't know they made sushi with dried clams.
Malory: Oh, Ron, thank you for coming so quickly. Pam: Phrasing! First! Boom!
Pam: This is Rodney, he's the new... whatever... Gun Librarian. Rodney: Armoury Supervisor!
[Cyril activates a laser alarm] Lana: How could you not see that?! Cyril: Because, I only have two eyes and they were both busy looking for hunters! Lana: [Referring to Cyril's bright orange snow clothes] Why, is it "pumpkin season"?! Cyril: [Gasps] Is that a thing?
Archer: [Seeing Cyril's orange snow clothes on the ground] Okay, so...really don't know what to make of that. Unless...[Looks around] Wait, no, no. Get it out of your head. Predator only hunts in tropical jungles...I assume...and desperately hope.
Archer: Ray's gonna be a cyborg over my dead body! Or preferably his! [Pause] But somebody's!
Archer: Jesus Christ, how many times do I have to apologize for that? Cheryl: Once would be nice! Archer: Hmm... No.
Archer: Are you going to open the damn door? Rodney: Only if you give me that weapon. Archer: Do you honestly want to live through the Rise of the Machines?! Which you won't, because no one will?! Rodney: Uh - Archer: It was rhetorical!
Cyril: Why is your instinctive response to run toward explosions? Lana: Ummm... Because... I'm not a giant pussy! Cyril: And yet, somehow, incredibly single.
Archer: Thank you... What was your name again? Rodney: Rodney. Archer: Thank you. Asshole.
Ron:...Which is why Ron Cadillac is opting out. And also why Ron Cadillac is going to swing by Montreal on his way home. Because Ron Cadillac is FREAKING EPIC!
Pam: My cooch has cobwebs!
Archer: Damn you tinitus, you're a cruel mistress!
Archer: Since certain people around here may not see how brilliant my plan is, they're gonna need to be... Pam: Convinced? Archer: I'm sorry, did you say 'incapacitated'?
Lana: [Climbing into air vent] Holy shit, there really are nerve gas canisters up here. [Beat] I though that was a joke.
Lana: I want it officially on record that I am strongly opposed to this mission. Mallory: [Laughs] What record?
Archer: [To Ray] You're shitting me! Bionic legs and you lift with your back?!
Archer: Cyril, if you call ISIS: I will literally, LITERALLY murder you! I'd rather die than sit through another one of Lana's I Told You So 's
Archer: [Stranded in the desert] Unless I'm hallucinating, there's a Land Cruiser over there flipping his high-beams at us. Cyril & Ray: You're hallucinating. Archer: Oh. Well, the good news is we don't have to worry about these alligators... that's not actually good news, is it?
Archer: He's a Master Chef! Which, turns out, is not nearly as gay a job as I thought it was. I mean, it's no secret agent, but it's way above architect.
Lance Casteau: Remember when I said you could've been a great chef? Archer: Yes. Lance: Every morning I make two cooks like you in the toilet.
Lana: [To Cyril] Would you man up, Kimmy Kevlar?!
Cheryl: Milk comes from Mexicans? Oh my God, what's cereal made from?!
Malory: Swear to God, you people make me want to pump nerve gas through the vents. Krieger: [over loudspeaker] Just say the word.
Malory: [To Bilbo] Clean the impending massive heart attack out of your ears!
Cyril: God, were you raised in a barn? Pam: No. I just slept out there a lot.
Archer: Go online and check your bank account. Lana: Now? When I'm suction-cupped on a window thirty stories above the ground? Archer: Yeah! You should have five bars. Lana: Okay so, it's gonna sound like I'm hanging up? But - [hangs up]
Cyril: Suppressing Fiiiireeeee-Extinquisherrrrr! Archer: Is that... Lana: Cyril?! Cyril: Lana! Lana: I'm coming, Cyril! Archer: Lana, wait! Bet that's the first time you ever said that. Right? Huh? Okay now we can go.
Archer: SMOKE FIGHT! WOOOO!
Lana: [cocking a gun] Cyril, hit the deck! Archer: Wait, why Cyril- Lana: [Shooting North Korean spies] GET SOME, YOU SONS OF BITCHES! GET SOME!
Pam: Aww man, did I miss it?! Cheryl: Oh my god, the toilet!? Pam: No, Jesus! ... Although it IS clogged.
Archer: Don't ruin the moment.
Archer: You're missing out on all the great things that Tangiers has to offer. Lana: Name one. Archer: Cheap... Lana: [Interrupting] Apart from cheap hash and a repulsively low age of consent. Archer: Rugs?
Cheryl: Ms. Archer, Lana for you, line one. Malory: I'm not here. Cheryl: [scared] Then how...
Malory: ...and then, give me the file I asked for! Ray: Yeah, why don't I shove a broom up my ass and sweep the floor while I'm at it? Malory: What was that? Ray: Nothing! Malory: Good. Saves you the embarrassment of an incredibly homophobic remark. Cheryl: Awwwww.
Archer: Lana! NOW! Lana: He said, last-wordsingly.
[Archer pulls up in a Bubble Car] Lana: Are you shitting me?! Archer: What? It was either this or the Vespas. It's not my fault Italy's so gay!
Swiss Guard: The good news is my men have apprehended Cardinal Correlli, who immediately confessed to the plot. Pam: HA-HEY! That is good news! Lana: You know how the whole the good news is thing works, right? Swiss Guard: The bad news is... Pam: Oh, right.
Malory: The B-52 is on the ocean floor here at a depth of 8,000 feet - Archer: Or 1,333 fathoms. Lana: How do you know that? Archer: How do you not?
Malory: ...So we're going to beat the Russians! Archer: [Sarcastically claps] Give it up, everyone. Mike Eruzione!
Cheryl: [To her brother] You really spent your entire inheritance on... the poors?
Cpt. Murphy: I'll be waiting for you. Lana: Was that... Did he sound like... Do you think this is some kind of a trap? Archer: What? No, Idon't think it's a trap! Although I never do. [Beat] And it very often is.
Lana: We're from ISIS. Cpt. Murphy: Jesus Christ, no wonder this all went tits-up.
Ray: LANA! Would you hurry up? Lana: Said the guy apparently too busy counting his bionic legs to help.
Malory: Amphetamines?! Pam: Right? And I know it sounds crazy, but I like them as much as cocaine!
Krieger: [seeing the Yakuza at the door on a monitor] Hey, so, did somebody order Chinese? Malory They're Japanese, you idiot! Krieger: [to his virtual girlfriend] Oh, for... I don't get all pissy every time you mistake a Dutchman for a Swede! Either time that happened!
Lana: Okay, listen up, there are way too many windows and doors to cover, so we need to concentrate on chokepoints. [Cheryl excitedly laughs] Not that kind of chokepoints.
Ron: Next time, remind me to get shot in the head. Archer: Ron, next time, get shot in the head.
Cheryl: [as Pam carries her off] This is only somewhat like that old Gypsy woman said!
Cyril: How do you not know the different kinds of porn? Archer: Because I have sex with actual women, Cyril! My girlfriend's not equal parts the Internet, a tube of Kentucky jelly, self-loathing and a sock
Cyril: What do crocodiles eat? Archer: EVERYTHING! THEY EAT EVERYTHING! And fear is their bacon bits!
Archer: Goddammit, how are we not doing "phrasing"?!
Foxxy: Now, what was that bitch thinkin'? Foxxy ain't a slave to nobody... nobody but the rhythm!
Spanky: [laughing] Oh my God! She thinks you're our servant, 'cause you're black! Ha ha, this is the best day of my miserable life! SWEET! I love racism!
Toot: Sometimes I cut myself to relieve the pain. Hee hee hee! Toot!
Spanky: I call dibs on the cat-fight. [Spanky starts urinating on Foxxy and Clara's cat-fight dust cloud] [as he sheds a tear] Why must I ruin everything beautiful?
Captain Hero: Hey, pig! Great news! Foxxy just bought us an insane amount of alcohol! [pause] Captain Hero: Are you defecating into a cantaloupe? Spanky: [farts and craps] Uh... this is awkward. I guess if I just waited an hour, I could've chalked this one to the booze, huh?
Blue Ball: [In confessional] usually, Clara looks to us for advice, but this time it came from Spanky. And it was a good thing too, because I was going to ask her to shoot the president.
Foxxy: I never met anybody who didn't wanna kiss Foxxy...except...maybe Papa.
Spanky: I saw Princess Clara with tears in her eyes. Man! Nothin' reminds me of my first time like a chick cryin'!
Toot: If I can't be the sex symbol, then I can definitely be the BITCH!!!
Ling Ling: Ling-Ling kill you slowly and use your skull for sex, and a decorative bird house.
Wooldoor: What a cute dog! Want a bone, fella? Ling-Ling: [In confessional] Ling-Ling no dog! Ling-Ling here to destroy all, and to give children seizures!
Spanky:[In confessional] We gathered up in the living room to vote Foxxy out. To be honest, I was totally looking forward to voting that hot, black chick out. Oh, wait a minute, not... not voting, I mean "eating".
Clara: Foxxy, I want to apologize. Foxxy: Oh, you can apologize... by shut the fuck up!
Wooldoor: [after the fart bubble he's in pops] I'm free! Ha ha! I'm free! I'm free! I'm free! I'm free! Wait, my immune system! I'm not strong enough to live outside the bubble! [starts to crumble and screams]
End Credits Bonus: Captain Hero waits for a 12-year-old Girl on a Donkey
Prince Charming: [after firing off a gun] I just wanted to see if this thing worked, before I blew my charming brains out!
Spanky: I, for one, am not just going to wait around to be swallowed by a giant vagina! [thinks for a minute] Huh? Oh... wait, no, no, no.
Ling-Ling: Know what you can do? DO YOUR OWN DISHES, ASSHOLE!! Captain Hero: Ling-Ling's right! We must kill the beast. Captain Hero, Toot, & Xandir: KILL THE BEAST! Spanky: Misinterpret Ling-Ling!
Captain Hero: Ahoho, we fell for the old 'neck-sprain well-lit pie' diversion. Xandir: Brava, Foxxy. Brava.
Captain Hero: Now, I normally don't listen to women, or my doctor, but Clara's story gave me a special feeling in my lumpy, lumpy testicle.
Captain Hero: Sorry, Foxxy, but that vagina is dead meat-- curtains!
Foxxy: When you was a little girl, your evil stepfather placed a curse on your vagina? Clara: What?! Weren't you paying attention? My evil stepmother... Mother! ...placed a curse on me! Toot: (to Foxxy) Uh-DUUUUUUUHHHHHH!!!
Spanky: It's like my grandfather always said: It's not what's on the outside of a vagina that counts, it's what's on the inside
Captain Hero: [in the confessional discussing the reward the housemates have just received] I thought the sewing machine was pretty lame, but someone was happy about it. [short pause] You know I'm talkin about the queer, right?
Xandir: All my life I've had one purpose: to be on a never-ending quest to save my girlfriend. But, now that I'm gay, I have no purpose. I wish I were dead.
Ling-Ling: Thank you, Spanky-san, for giving Ling-Ling honor in hat form!
Clara: Xandir, instead of killing yourself, maybe you can just...stop being gay? Foxxy: Clara, that's just stupid! Homosexuality is something yo born with, like red hair or a dead twin
Toot: Of course Xandir's gay, why else wouldn't he be attracted to all this? Wooldoor: 'Cause you're fat! And nobody likes fat chicks! Wheee!
Xandir: Dare I say it? I am Xandir and I am on a never-ending quest to save my boyfriend!
Xandir: Good-bye, cruel world! [dies and comes back] Good-bye, cruel world! [dies and comes back] Good-bye, cruel world... this could take a while.
Lord Slash'n'Stab: Hahaha! I will steal this lamp for no particular reason! Hahaha!
Toot: [to Xandir] Damnit Xandir, the noise! You're keeping us all awake! Can't you kill yourself more quietly like Bizarro Captain Hero did? [They look at a body that is hanging from a tree] Captain Hero: Uh... yeah. Killed himself. Of course. Tragic.
Pac-Man: [lisping] Oh, my. Isn't this juicy? Does your girlfriend know? Xandir: Listen, Paccie, I know my girlfriend is best friends with your ex, but there's no reason that Ms. Pac-Man has to know I'm gay. Pac-Man: [puts on a bow] Oh, sweetie... I think she already knows.
Captain Hero: Oh, c'mon! If you're in a bus station, and they're selling postcards for Bizarro World, you have to assume you're in Bizarro World, right? I mean, am I crazy?
Foxxy: Call her. Your girlfriend deserves to know you love mangina. Xandir: Foxxy was right. She did deserve to know. And I do love mangina.
[After Hero complains that the prize is a sewing machine] Wooldoor: [talking to Captain Hero] Gee Mr. Hero, we can always sew a television. Spanky: That has to be the dumbest thing I've heard since I taught those special ed classes. But...seriously, those kids try hard.
Genie: Look, buddy, there's lots of gay reasons to live. I myself enjoy the ballet, grapes and snerf-nurgling cranollas. Clara: Wait, you mean, you're a gay too? Genie: Uh-DUHHHH!
Spanky: Just get her royal heiny to sing again. I'll trap the critters, and we'll eat like dingoes in a maternity ward!
[after Wooldoor stands up to Spanky while singing Clara's song] Spanky: [singing] He's not the only one who can sing from his heart, I have the feelings inside that... Oh, fuck this shit! [walks off]
Foxxy: Bulimia is very destructive. To our personal property, bitch!
Xandir: Toot, we all know you're bulimic. We don't know how you got started down this horrible road. Toot: But you're the one who showed me how to-- Xandir: All that matters now is that we get you to stop.
Xandir: Poor Toot was feeling fat and sad. It was up to me to help her feel better about her disgusting, revolting, and hideous body.
Toot: I was so happy. With an endless supply of food, I could finally fill the loveless void inside me. Hee hee hee, Toot!
Clara: For the food competition, we were split into two teams. The winners would eat like kings, but the losers would get no food at all, and surely starve like Mexicans.
Ling-Ling: Ling Ling wake up inside land whale. Nothing to do. Only sex with chicken.
Foxxy: We'll always have Paris. That's what we called it when I smashed his penis with a lead model of the Eiffel Tower.
Captain Hero: I've never bowed to any villain, or any Asian person, even though it's the polite thing to do. And I won't bow to Foxxy!
Captain Hero: My super stomach was super dissented. So I put away my pride, and my mildly amusing elephant underwear, and returned to Foxxy
Foxxy: It seems that every week my team gets the easiest challenge. It also seems that every week I blow the producers.
Spanky: When I don't eat, I don't crap! And when I don't crap, I don't eat!
Spanky: Just do it, or you'll be lying at my feet in a pool of your own blood! In my urine! Which also has blood, but it's MY BLOOD!
Spanky: Hand over the chipmunk and nobody gets hurt. Except of course the chipmunk, which gets gutted, eaten, and eventually passed.
Captain Hero: I never check myself. Not for you, not for ticks, and not for melanoma!
Captain Hero: Our team had to invent a low-carb cure for polio before the other team could put an egg in a bucket.
Toot: Hello, I'm Toot Brownstein. I play Toot Braunstein from the popular reality show, Drawn Together. In this episode, we poorly dealt with eating disorders.
Ling-Ling: [In confessional] Ling-Ling so want visit from father. He great warrior/dry cleaner. He coined classic phrase... "No ticky, no washy."
Captain Hero: I know I should have been more mad with Spanky, but I just won 50 bucks!
Captain Hero: Bleh, you are the wind beneath my wings. Bleh: "Contrived, manipulative, and shamelessly sentimental" raves Peter Travers from Rolling Stone.
Captain Hero: We come from two different worlds. I come from the planet Zebulon and you came from a mom who drank when she was pregnant.
Clara: What's a Bleh? Is that one of your jive words like "emancipation?"
Captain Hero: Damn! Clara's cousin is so hot! [his nipples harden] Spanky: Yeah, she's, like, retarded hot! [his nipples also harden, followed by four additional ones]
[Captain Hero notices there is a dart in his neck] Captain Hero: What the... [cut to Clara holding a blowpipe] Clara: Just a little added protection. You get the antidote when I get my Bleh back.
Xandir: It just didn't make sense. When we licked Ling-Ling last time we got all fucked up, but this time nothing happened. Well, we got a little aroused... but not fucked up!
[After Bleh leaves] Spanky: You OK, man? Captain Hero: No, I don't think I'll ever be OK Spanky: Hey, I'm sorry, man. Wanna to grab a beer? Spin it and kiss whoever it points too? Captain Hero: No. Not right now [pause] Spanky: How about now? Captain Hero: Yeah, all right.
[Captain Hero, Spanky, and Wooldoor are playing "Spin the Bottle" and when Captain Hero spins it lands on Wooldoor] Wooldoor: WHEEEEEEEEEEE! Captain Hero: Hey! If you're going to be gay about this, you cant play! Wooldoor: Sorry.
Captain Hero: Clara totally had it all wrong. Bleh was an adult, and perfectly capable of making decisions on her own...or not.
[poking Ling-Ling with a stick] Xandir: Look at me! I've become the very thing I hated most! Toot: A guy who pokes things with sticks?
Captain Hero, Spanky, Wooldoor: Triple kiss!
Captain Hero: Yes, I was confident that by the end of the night I'd have another notch on my utility belt and fifty bucks in my pocket, but then, I realized something. Bleh, she was really special, but not in a retarded way. In a traditionally special way.
Captain Hero: Foxxy, what's the matter? Foxxy: There's a ma-hazzle, Captain He-zazzle Captain Hero: I'm sorry, Foxxy. I don't speak Blackanese.
Clara: You're in a wheelchair. Society no longer values you. Spanky: Yeah, and even if they did, you don't even where they've taken Foxxy Captain Hero: We're all on a reality show, uh-duuuuuuuuuuuuuuh!
[Spanky challenges an unconscious Foxxy to a game of Win, Lose or Draw.] Spanky: [showing a drawing of the promotional poster for Jaws] You know this one! It's a movie! It's about a hideous, remorseless beast! Toot: Time's up Spanky: It's Yentl! YENTL! YOU SUCK!
Wooldoor: You ask me if I have a God complex? I am God.
[After the soldiers have taken Foxxy] Spanky: Captain Hero, do something! Captain Hero: I can't...I gave up my powers! NOOOOOOOOO!
Captain Hero: Follow me! [sees a set of stairs] NOOOOOOOOO! [sees another set of stairs] NOOOOOOOOO! [sees yet another set of stairs] NOOOOOOOOO!
[After Hero manipulates evolution and creates people made entirely of boobs] Captain Hero: I just realized... I'm an ass man. NOOOOOOOOO!
Toot: "Tumor?" "Racism?" Dr. Wooldoor, are you just making up words again, like "morbid obesity" or "adult-onset diabetes?"
Clara: You know, at first I was uncomfortable with the idea of showering with another woman, but then the producers forced me.
Captain Hero: Damn it, people, Foxxy's in trouble! Now is the time for us to stand up--or remain courageously seated--and be the heroes I know we can be! Now who's with me? [nobody reacts] [annoyed] There's an Orange Julius along the way!
Clara: How dare you look at us naked with your X-ray vision! Rhino: Seriously, how dare you! I'm leaving. By which I mean the planet! Unless things change, people. Unless things change...
Spanky: [about the racially-stereotyped Native Americans in one cell] Now, see, that's not funny. Those people got a raw deal.
Xandir: You got the tickets to the zoo? Captain Hero: What? I thought you had them! [Xandir holds up the tickets and they laugh] Oh, Xandir, trick me like that again and I'll fucking kill you.
Pizza Man: May this life bring you the happiness it has so consistently denied me.
Bodyguard: Hear ye, hear ye! The King is about to barge in unexpectedly!
Clara: Please, Spanky, give me a second chance. Didn't you get one when you were given that dead teacher's liver? Spanky: You're right. [takes a bottle of liquor] Here's to second chances! [chugs the bottle]
Wooldoor: If anyone needs me, I'll be in the Clock Tower. [cocks a sniper rifle]
Spanky: I'm sorry, I don't remember ordering this pizza... [opens the box, and a turd is in it] with sausage!
Spanky: [In confessional] The princess was so excited, I figured I give her a chance and call the pizza-man. That was a big mistake. I mean, it wasn't as big a mistake when I converted to Islam in August of 2001, but, still pretty big.
Clara: [In confessional] What a fiasco. The pizza would be here in thirty minutes or less. And with Foxxy's hands still stuck in her hair, she was more useless than a Mexican.
Spanky: Little game? Did you just say "little game?" The travel size edition of Battleship, that's a "little game." Screwing around with the pizza man, that's a way of life, my friend!
Toot: Blah blah blah! I'm Captain Hero and I can fly! And I... Captain Hero: Do you mind, fudgy? I'm on the phone! Toot: I don't care. I gotta call my AA sponsor! Captain Hero: [in a girlish voice] I said I'm on the phone!
Captain Hero: Go to the mall? Is that some kind of gay code? Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Xandir: Sometimes I think Captain Hero cares more about those boots than our friendship. I bet they never slew the Man Troll on Rainbow Mountain. I said "slew," right?
King: Now, Clara, do you promise to stay away from that boyishly handsome pig?
Foxxy: Here's how it's gonna go down. I'm gonna finish my hair. Spanky, you order the pizza. And Clara, you go into the confession room and tell the camera how you never felt so aliiiiiivvvve. Clara: [In confessional] My first naughty prank! I've never felt so aliiiiiivvvve!
Xandir: You used to care about me... about us. Captain Hero: What? Xandir: You used to say I was pretty. Captain Hero: No, I didn't. Xandir: You used to dress up for me. Captain Hero: Just that one time
Captain Hero: I figured, what the hell. Make the gay kid happy. Besides, I know a certain pony-less superhero who had a few choice words for Mr. Claus.
Foxxy: But if we don't fight, or drink, or fuck, or suck, or jerk, or three-way fuck, or necro-fuck-philia, then the Producers won't have no show to show.
Foxxy: Now Foxxy Love did not want a riot to break out. Even though she sho' could use a new TV set!
Toot: Before coming on this reality show, how many times have you guys really been in a Mexican standoff? Clara: Oh, what a cute name for it! Wooldoor: Twice!
Bucky Bucks: I am Bucky Bucks, eccentric billionaire. The producers have sent me here to announce a competition, the winner of which will help me run my billion dollar empire. Clara: Bucky Bucks? Foxxy: Billion dollar empire? Spanky: Parody of The Apprentice?
Foxxy: Now, I didn't like the Jell-O wrestling idea, but the producers gave me a golden opportunity, and just like that necklace some fool left on Clara's dresser, I'm gonna take it.
Toot: Let's blow this goddamn house to bits!!
Toot: Like the unfortunate head of a boy with a pituitary gland disorder, my army was slowly growing!
Captain Hero: The Pillsbury Doughbroad is right! [pokes Toot in the stomach] Toot: Hoo-hoo!
Captain Hero: Oh my god! We're trapped? I'm, like, totally freaking out! I wish the Green Lantern was here! He always knows how to relax me... [rubs his nipple suggestively]
Xandir: We're all gonna die! Captain Hero: I guess it really is gay over! [high-fives Spanky] Spanky: Yeah!
Toot: Cut me, Ling-Ling, cut me. [Ling-Ling takes a razor to Toot's leg] Ahh...
Foxxy: Now, we're not blowin' up anything. Some of the greatest leaders in history like Gandhi, Doctor King, and Rocky IV to a lesser extent, achieved the possible through non-violent means.
Foxxy: That's right, Producers! We figured out your little game. Mama didn't raise no fool! And Papa didn't raise me at all!
Foxxy: Toot, I know nobody has ever said this to you before, but you was right. Toot: Uh, DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Toot: Nobody throws me face-first into Jell-O but ME!
Xandir: [repeated line] What is going on?
End Credits Bonus Feature: The Housemates were crying during the song I Wanted You To Know Captain Hero: [In confessional] With my superpowers, I could easily have saved my housemates, but I couldn't react. WHY? Because I smoke marijuana. Still think drugs are cool?
Wooldoor: I want Sweetcake out of the house now! Spanky: [sarcastically] Wah, wah, wah, she slaughtered my family!
Captain Hero: Well, the real crime here is that nobody's banged her yet, am I right? [Short pause] I'm not gay.
Clara: Can we talk about how great our new roommate is? She's, like, so great! Xandir: To Sweetcake, for making us prove that we're all replacable Captain Hero: And to the teeniest ass you can tap without setting off an AMBER Alert.
Strawberry Sweetcake: Foxxy Love? What are you doing here? Foxxy: You think you the first barely legal chick to tie me up and eat my friend right in front of me?
[after the helicopter has crashed] Spanky: [to Captain Hero] Well, this, like Xandir in a room full of fat China men, blows chunks.
Spanky: How old are you, Strawberry Sweetcake? 8? Strawberry Sweetcake: More like 18, silly-willy! I just taste 8. Spanky: She's so legal!
Strawberry Sweetcake: You can't spell Slaughter without laughter!
Foxxy: Wilma, tell us about you, girl. Wilma: I'm the kind of person who uses an armadillo for an iron, a pterodactyl for a record player and a prehistoric worm for a tampon. Worm: It's a living.
Islander: Wow. I have not seen that much fish-eating since Lilith Fair come to island. [cut to another native making a rim shot]
Toot: I don't want my new friends to think I'm ungrateful, but when people promise to keep Toot well-fed, they goddamn better keep Toot well-fed!
Xandir: Looks like you'll be spending a choco-lotta time behind candy bars! [Slight pause] Clara: [quietly] Goddammit, I hate you.
Cop: You don't have a mystery-solving license? Foxxy: Child, I didn't even go to college. Cop: Well then, we're gonna have to let this guy go. Foxxy: But he's a child molester! Cop: A licensed child molester.
Foxxy: Foxxy Love is went to college!
Spanky: Die or gay marry a Homo, I didn't know what to do, but I tell you what... You decide America!
Foxxy: I tried to study up for them SATs, but it became abundantly clear that this was just another conspiracy to keep the black man down... like swimming.
Foxxy: This whole test is racially biased! Question one: "What SPF lotion would you use if your were going down to the polo grounds, fellow Klan member?" Clara: [With tan rings around her eyes] Oh, you don't need sun block if you got your clan hood on. Everyone knows that, Foxxy.
Ling Ling: Talk to honorable hand, honorable face ain't ristening.
Timmy the Paper Baby: (in the confessional) Someday, when I grow up, I'm gonna be an origami swan. You'll see! A big, beautiful, origami swan. So FUCK YOU.
Spanky: Marriage isn't about having sex, ask any married person!
Captain Hero: I needed to phone home, and that's exactly what I would do as soon as I was done playing with my new sex robot Robot: [In confessional] N-O means N-O. Why doesn't he just remove the chip that makes me feel pain?
Captain Hero: Thank you unborn baby whale. You were as helpful as you were delicious.
Foxxy: Chil', what is up with Captain Hero? Lately, he's been an emotional wreck. [we see Captain Hero in various emotional moments] Maybe he ran outta his superpower potion, if you know what I mean.
Toot: We order Zebulonese take-out all the time. You love the deep-fried Zebulon eggs. [eats an egg] Captain Hero: I never put the two together.
Foxxy: Those goddamn cunt shit dumbass piss fuck meatball dick cock motherfuckers!
End Credits Bonus Feature: The housemates go "Yip yip yip" around the telephone.
Unusually Flexible Girl: I missed you more than a retard misses the point. Captain Hero: What do you mean?
Captain Hero: [In confessional] there was no way I was marrying that crazy chick! The only thing this superhero is married to is his work. And possibly a Filipino transvestite in Albany. Oh, that was one crazy Yom Kippur!
Captain Hero: I just wanted her because I couldn't have her, and now that I have her I don't want her. It's just like that time I was all excited to catch herpes.
Unusually Flexible Girl: After the wedding, we can move in with my mother Unusually Jewish Woman and you can go into my father's business! [Captain Hero breaks wind]
Wooldoor: This is so wonderful, now everybody's happy! [Cuts to Ling Ling outside with a party set up. No-one is there except a sad Ling-Ling] Ling Ling: This worst birthday party ever.
Captain Hero: Well, Wooldoor, duty calls Wooldoor: Wait, are you gonna sleep with her or are you gonna make a poopy? Captain Hero: If all goes well...both
Foxxy Love: [In confessional] Foxxy Love was finally back! And like those assholes that died on top of Mount Everest, I intended to stay there
Spanky: You made it! Foxxy Love:: [after seeing herself on the television] Oh my god, I'm on the picture square!
Captain Hero: Don't make me kick your ass! Wooldoor: Don't make me suck your dick! Captain Hero: Don't make me cuddle you like a baby! Wooldoor: Don't make me suck your dick!
Clara: Have you noticed that we haven't been getting any screen time this week? Toot: Well, duh; that's because we've been in the basement all week making this awesome potato gun!
Foxxy: I couldn't believe everybody thought I was yesterday's news. Sure, the Foxxy 5 ain't had a hit in 20 years, but our message is still fresh: Have lotsa unprotected sex and defeat the Soviet Union.
Captain Hero: [In confessional] Now that I was free from the suffocating grip of Unusually Flexible Girl, I was able to sit back, laugh and enjoy watching Wooldoor ruin the rest of his life.
Ni-Pul: I have a crazy thought. Now, bear with me: What if instead of battle, we just fuck? Ling-Ling So you're suggesting we drop metaphor and Ling Ling stick his crispy noodle in your duck sauce?
Clara: Don't worry Jesus, I shall stop this abomination before it saves the life of countless millions!
Captain Hero: [In confessional] the club was jumpin', and Ling-Ling was surrounded by babes. But, somehow, we got stuck hanging out with Ling-Ling's lame friend, Steve from Long Island
[After Foxxy proposes that the Bible is open to interpretation] Bob the Cucumber: ENOUGH FUCKING TALK!! IN THE NAME OF GOD, PUT THE FUCKING CLUM BABY DOWN!!
Foxxy Love: That's just retarded! What if God invented clum babies because he wants Clara to live? Larry The Tomato: But the bible says-- Spanky Ham: Yeah, the bible says lots of things. But not very clearly.
Wooldoor: Aaah, this feels so good! Now I see why Captain Hero does it all over the pool-table late at night when he thinks no-one is watching
Foxxy: [In confessional] so I took it upon myself to teach Wooldoor how to get it on with his bad self. And all you horny college kids: Now would be a REAL good time to flick off the lights, grab some lotion, and pull out a big ol' box of tissues!
Foxxy Love: [In confessional] Spanky and I convinced Wooldoor yo use his magical clum babies to help those in need. Foxxy was finally gonna fulfil her dream of buyin' a million dollars' worth of lotto tickets!
[They see Wooldoor humping a toaster] Clara: Wooldoor Sockbat! What in God's great, white Earth are you doing?! Wooldoor: Can't... stop... humping!
Wooldoor: Oh my god! The Veggie Fables! I love your religious propoganda clumsly disguised as children's entertainment
End Credits Bonus Feature: Bob the Cucumber's killing spree played backwards.
Foxxy: Goddammit Princess, if there wasn't a good chance that I was pregnant and that fall didn't help me out of a real jam I would kick your ass.
Spanky: Are you thinking what I'm thinkin'? Captain Hero: Pig, you've got a bet to place. Captain Hero is taking one last dive. And then I'm cutting that pig out
The King: Who is that sexy servant girl? Clara: You mean Foxxy? The King: She sure is... That's one civil rights protester I can't wait to turn my hose on...
Spanky: Captain Hero, do you think you can beat The Mad Felcher? Captain Hero: Are you kidding me? That guy sucks ass!
Captain Hero: The evil Koala Bear Rapist. That guy's a total dick! And I won't even tell you what he does to koala bears!
Captain Hero: At last we meet Super Nanny! So whatcha got? A little X-ray Vision, heat vision or, like our president, no vision at all? [Laughs] [In confessional] That's Super Satire.
Super Nanny: What's going on in here? Toot: Oh nothing, Captain Shero is just trying to take my barrette! Captain Hero: It's pronounced Captain "Hero", the 'S' is silent, you hit-head!
Captain Hero: [In confessional] Everyone thinks I'm a liar. Well I'm a lot of things, I'm an astronaut, I'm a basketball player, I'm the President of the Universe with a 14 inch cock! But I'm not a liar.
Captain Hero: [In confessional] I learned that just because something the word "super" in their name, that doesn't make them super! On the other hand, if you put "le" in front of a word, it does make it classy, like "lesbian", the classiest women of them all.
Wooldoor Sockbat: [trying to decipher the Mad Libber's note] I don't get it Spanky, how do you "horribly penis" someone? Spanky Ham: Ok, but I'm only going to show you this one more time. [Begins to unzips his swimming trunks]
[Wooldoor is crying] Spanky Ham: If you don't stop your crying, two things are going to happen: I'm going to have an orgasm, and then I'm gonna fall asleep. Is that what you want?
[Wooldoor is doing a striptease for Captain Hero] Captain Hero: You know, when Captain Girl danced for me, SHE at least had the decency to tuck her balls between her legs! Wooldoor Sockbat: But, I am not... [Captain Hero leaves and slams the door] ...Captain Girl.
[Captain Hero finished the Mad Libber's note] Captain Hero:: Well, that seems to be it. "I, the evil Mad Libber, viciously penised Captain Girl for getting too penis to my ingenious penis."
Wooldoor: I think that tram is about to fall! Captain Hero: Yeah, you take care of that. I'm trying to read Hustler [In confessional, holding a Hustler magazine] it gives every man x-ray vision, if you know what I mean. Buy a copy today and see for yourself
Toot: She just needs some discipline. Baby, you're grounded! [her baby gives her the finger] HEY! Watch the language, you filthy whore! Don't make me wash my mouth out with ham!
Captain Hero: Live-Action Cow had saved all our lives and everyone loved her, especially me. I always dreamed of meeting a woman with 6 penises
Captain Hero: I can't outrun a squirrel! But it won't matter as long as I can outrun you! [kicks Clara in the leg] Clara: Oh fuck! Captain Hero: Save yourselves! [Runs off]
Wooldoor: I put some peanut butter on my balls. [gets out 2 tennis balls smeared with peanut butter.] That way you'll have more tendency to chase after them... When I put them up my ass!
Xandir: Did you talk with him? "Tim": You tell me ["Tim" looks to Xandir. "Tim's" face is all bruised] Xandir: You poor baby! What kind of a jerk would hit himself wearing glasses?
Spanky: Put the gun down. Pluto: [holding Goofy hostage] He's the only fucking dog who's good enough to wear fucking pants? Well, I wanna wear the fucking pants for once! [shoots Goofy with the gun and then puts the gun in his mouth and shoots himself]
[after one of Spanky's farts] Toot: Goddammit Spanky! It's farts like that that made EW gave us a fucking F! [a fart sound comes from her] [giggling, blushing] Oopsie!... What? That was a queef! And I only laughed 'cause it tickled! [starts scratching her crotch]
Foxxy: Ever since we got that F, thangs seem to just fall apart. Now, some would say we's a bit oversensitive to the honest criticism of a professional TV reviewer, but in our defense: FUCK YOU EW! [gives the finger]
[After seeing Hero playing the badminton challenge very badly] Spanky: Dude, you're the worst athlete I've ever seen! And I've been to, like, every Special Olympics.
Captain Hero: Finally, I was in a place where no-one would judge me! Well, except maybe Judge Fudge. Judge Fudge: I ain't ever judged you, baby. I'm far too busy being delicious.
Captain hero: I did it Popeye, I did it for you! [Popeye's face appears in the sky] Who the hell is that asshole?
Producer: Congratulations, original cast of Drawn Together. For winning the badminton game, you'll receive a pound of ground beef and a quarter cup of water. Helping Hand: Boo-ya! That's all I need. [high-fives the Transformer]
Transformer: Proceed to main title sequence
Spanky: I feel so guilty. Clara: Me too. Poor Wooldoor. Spanky: Not about that, I watered down one of the lemonade jugs with my piss. If only I could remember which one.
Captain Hero: [elbowing Wooldoor out of his way] Out of the way, subplot, main story coming through!
Clara: [As "Mary Lou Slutsky"] Hey, Xandir. My mama finally got her settlement check and bought herself a double-wide Captain Hero: Yes, and she deserved it. She gave up ten years of her life and six of her fingers for that chicken plant
Wooldoor: I know what would help: If we all did a little role-playing exercise Foxxy: Oooo, that's a great idea! Toot, you can be Xandir's mama, and Captain Hero, you can be Xandir's...uh... Wooldoor: Papa? Foxxy: [ecstatic] Papa? Where?! Oh...
Xandir: I guess we can give this a shot. Mommy, daddy, I'm gay. Captain Hero: [As Xandir's father] Well son, I know I speak for the both of us when I say... Captain Hero & Toot: Uh, DUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Toot: Xandir, we're sorry about before. We really wanna help Xandir: No. You'll just mock me again Captain Hero: No we won't, gay friend. I swear on you're gay eyes
Xandir: I should've known you would mock me. Life is just one, big, mildly-amusing cartoon to you guys! Captain Hero: Come on, buddy, you know we all hate you
Captain Hero: [as Xandir's father] Padre, can you fix him? Xandir: I'm not broken, dad! Captain Hero: Well, I guess that's the difference between you and my heart!
Captain Hero: [as Xandir's father] Told you not to huff airplane glue when you were pregnant! Toot: [as Xandir's mother] At least airplane glue knew how to make me feel good, Zema dick! Captain Hero: [as Xandir's father] ZEMA HELPS ME RELAX!!!
Toot: [as Xandir's mother] I don't want my son to go to hell... or wherever the gays and Jews end up.
Wooldoor: Well, that went well. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a nooner. [to a random kid] So, you want to be an altar boy. Kid: No I don't. You took me from the playground. Wooldoor: [demonically] God took you from the playground. Weeeeeeee!
Clara: I just adore it! It's so much slimmer now. Wait! What's that? Wooldoor: That's just a freckle. Clara: Sweet Jesus! Get rid of it! NOW! Wooldoor: Relax, Clara. Lots of pussies have freckles, like Ron Howard!
Foxxy: Oh my God, Clara's vagina is killin' those old bastards!
Vajoana: Who are you wearing? Who are you wearing?
Clara: Oh my goodness! My whites-only drinking fountain is just beautiful! Wooldoor: Sorry fellas, we can't show you Clara's pink sink. Don't blame us, blame the FCC, which stands for faggoty cock-blocking clamfuckers! Wheeeeeeeee!
Octopussoir: Two pieces of advice, Princess. One: You won't wanna change your body, if you learn to love it. And two: When you wipe, it's front to back. Narrator: An important lesson was learned that day on Wisteria Lane. Even the slimiest cunt can get a job in real estate.
Jew Producer: [To a wild audience] Okay, settle down. [the audience keeps cheering] I SAID SHUT THE FUCK UP! [gets out a gun and shoots. The audience sits down. A scream is heard]
Jew Producer: So cast, what'cha doin'? Spanky: Same old, same old. What's with you? Jew Producer: Just hosting the season finale Spanky: How's that going? Jew Producer: Not too well. I shot someone.
Ling-Ling: He my father, Ling-Ling deserve money, not you.... filthy srut! [spits] Toot: Hey, I'm no slut, I earned this money! I've been letting Jun-Jee ram his tank into my Tienanmen Square! [In confessional] Sadly, he always ignored the little student.
Jun-Jee: Jun-Jee decide... no one get his fortune! Ling-Ling: YOKO OH-NO! Toot: Yoo-hoo Ho-ho!
Ling Ling: Fine. But only if we split it 50-50. Toot: You want half my ho-ho? I SHOULD KILL YOU WHERE YOU STAND!!!!!!!! Ling Ling: Nooooo. Half of father's fortune.
Jun-Jee: Space turns Asians into queers. That only explanation for George Takei.
Ling-Ling: It's Ling-Ling money! Toot: No, it's my money! Ling-Ling: It's Ling-Ling money! Toot: It's my money! Ling-Ling: It's Ling-Ling money! Toot: That's my money! Ling-Ling: Duck season!
Jun-Jee: I am ashamed to call you Ling-Ling Hitler-bin-Laden-Seacrest!
Clara: Hey Foxxy, when are you gonna contribute to the parent pile? Foxxy: When my daddy get back from buyin' them cigarettes.
Foxxy: Mm-hmm! I have never had so many wieners in my mouth all at once. [Her nipples elongate] Maybe that one time in college... [Her nipples elongate] I ain't no Pinocchio! [Her nipples elongate]
Foxxy: Senators! A children's TV show won't make boys get fellatio. Watching TV on the sofa can't turn your girl into Martina Navratilova. So senators, if you protect Wooldoor's free speech, I'll massage your prostates, each.
Xandir: Cum on me if you want to live. Wooldoor: I think you mean, "come with you". Xandir: Wh, why, what did I say?
Wooldoor: No Xandir! Like Paul McCartney's ex-wife, we're not running anymore!
Wooldoor: What a weird night, first I was partying and drinking with my friends, much like a drunken pro athlete. Then I was crying and running for my life, like the wife of a drunken pro athlete!
Wooldoor: Quick Xandir! Snarf my cavernous bunghole you snerd-nurgling Jew! Xandir: Don't you mean, "hold on"? Wooldoor: Why, what did I say?
Female Transformer: Not in the hair, I have a date tonight!
Toot: While those bastards stuffed their faces at the Wiener-mobile, I was trapped in the closet with nothing but some old coats! And Clara's golf umbrella which I've since renamed the expandable pleasure wand...
Xandir: Wooldoor, you saved the Gay Future. I wish I could see it one last time... So beautiful... Semen.. everywhere...
Wooldoor: I was deader than a racist walrus lost in the Detroit projects after dark. [cut to a walrus surrounded by some black people] Walrus: Don't any of you shwoogies have jobs? Black man 1: The hell did you say!!! Black man 2: Lets get him!!!
Terminator: What's the difference between a woman with the PMS and a terrorist? - You can negotiate with the terrorist.
Wooldoor: So now you're from the future, too? I thought you were from a video game. Xandir: VIDEO GAMES ARE THE FUTURE!!! Wooldoor: HELP! He's got a gun! Xandir: Wooldoor, wait! Come on my back! [gets tackled by cops] Wait, what did I say?
Captain Hero: Hey, do you know what they call vagina in France?...Royale with Cheese
Clara: If you put your show on, it'll turn the children gayer than a magician! Wooldoor: OH MY GOD! Wait, street or Vegas? Clara: VEGAS! Wooldoor: OH MY GOD!!!
Female Transformer: (In robotic voice) I did not think that could be an input! Oh! Foxxy: It's hot, but sad. You just know that fighter-plane/dinosaur was molested.
Clara: What in the name of one-dimensional characters and predictable reactions is going on here?!
Captain hero: (to the terminator) But wait, bro. I didn't get to tell you my absolute favorite things about the bagina. It bought me close to you.
Wooldoor: Hey look everybody, it's our new friend the singing robo-biker! All: [singing] Welcome to Wooldoor's World, where everybody loves bagina. Every shape and size...
Wooldoor: Nobody kills Wooldoor's dreams, not my close-minded parents, not my oppressive 3rd grade teacher, not the tough but fair drill instructor who taught me how to be an officer and a gentleman, AND NOT YOU, TER-MIN-AT-OR FROM THE FUTURE!!!
End Credits Bonus Feature: Foxxy watching Sex Transformers.
Clara: Captain Hero, take me home! Captain Hero: You're not having fun? Clara: You're making out with our waiter!
Spanky: Stick with me, and you'll be the best thing to come out of spelling since Tori's fat head! Foxxy: Why you dissin' on Tori? Spanky: She knows what she did.
CaptAIN Hero: Oh, what's the use? I don't deserve someone as good as you. Just like I don't deserve to wear the tie my father was buried in
[Clara and Captain Hero on another date] Clara: I'm so glad you gave us a second chance. Hero: Well, at first- Clara: [angry] SHUT UP! [silent, more gently] I mean... shut your fucking face, my sweet.
Captain Hero: [In confessional] We started going out a lot and I think that Clara started to really like me. I was more excited than a passed-out college girl in my bedroom!
Wooldoor: Uhh...D...O...G. Cat! [Buzzer sounds] Spelling Bee Judge: No I'm sorry but that's not the correct spelling of 'centrifuge'.
Spelling Bee Judge: All right Ling-Ling, if you get this wrong, the Peanuts win. Your word is...'L'. [Since Ling-Ling can't say "L" properly, he looks at the screen and then forfeits by disappearing]
Snow White: That's what we get for letting Mulan drive.
Clara: Stay with me, Sleeping Beauty! Sleeping Beauty: But... I'm tired... so... very... tired...
Charlie Brown: Oh yeah, we beat you worse than Linus' dad beats him. Linus: You'll protect me, won't you Blue Blanket?
Toot: I'd give Spanky's left testicle for an Applebee's coupon! Spanky: Too late... I already gave that testicle to my one true love... Cancer.
Spanky: Hey, look! The 7-Eleven's hiring! Hadji: Mom and Dad got fired?
Foxxy: Can we play the Rocky Training Song? Spanky: Only if we can afford it.
Captain Hero: And remember kids: never mess with the emotions of a dangerous lunatic.
Spelling Bee Judge: For the win, your word is... "illogical." As in: You being allowed to compete after someone else has already won is highly illogical. Foxxy: Illogical, y'all. I-L-L-O-G-I-C-A-L, Y-apostrophe-A-L-L. Illogical, y'all.
Clara: Wait, you're leaving? Then I'll no longer receive the attention I so desperately crave; hmmm...hey, Wooldoor; maybe before you leave, I can make you one last bowl of chicken soup? Wooldoor: Soup?! FUCK YEAH! I LOVE THAT SHIT!
Captain Hero: Don't you see, Xandir? There is only one expalantion for this. HE...IS...MY...SON!! Xandir: Of course he is.
Clara: Taking orders from a black girl?! Who does she think I am, Thomas Jefferson's penis?
After Wooldoor nearly drowns, Foxxy gives him CPR, and her golden teeth fell out. Foxxy: [In a polite English accent] Capital! Thank goodness I'm certified in Cardiopulmonary Resucitation. [She puts the teeth back in and reverts to her normal style] Mouth to mouth, y'all!
Wooldoor: Clara, you've gone crazy! You're poisoning me! Clara: Oh, Wooldoor, you don't mean that. That's just the poison I'm using to poison you with talking.
Xandir: How could you possibly have a son? You said you had your balls removed. Captain Hero: No, I said I had my ball-SACK removed. Besides, I always pull out! Xandir: That's not a foolproof method. [Xandir is in the confessional holding a baby] Right, Craig?
Jesus: Look at that heeb pretending to drown. Those Jews kill me.
Clara: [to Wooldoor] You are so lucky to have someone like me stabbing you with a rusty screwdriver like this.
Bill Cosby: Without the pudding, I'm just another unemployed sexual predator.
Clara: Foxxy, look out in the hallway! It's another Denzel Washington! With two penises! Foxxy: Double-dong Denzel! Wait a minute, there ain't no one out in that hall except triple-dong Wesley Snipes!
Bambi You killed my mother! Captain Hero Sucks to be you.
Captain Hero: Like a tampon, once I had a taste for blood, I wanted more.
Foxxy: I did not not raise yo' papa to not raise you to be no criminal!
Bambi: Just give us a fighting chance, Mr. Hero. Maybe Mommy would've lived.
Bambi: Wait, come back! I killed my own mother for this!
Judge Fudge: I don't have time to rule on your motion. I'm far too busy... being delicious.
Capt. Hero: Fuck you, duck!
Captain Hero: Soon I'll have more arms than the wackiest god in all of India!
Bambi: I'm not saying you need to stop hunting... Captain Hero: Bitchin'! [aims a sniper rifle at Bambi] Bambi: ...but using assault rifles and armor-piercing bullets is just not fair!
King of Mexico: [as a giant monster worm] I don't have to wear pants anymore! Ling-Ling: You've gotta be shitting me.
Ling-Ling: Who knew something so Mexican could move so fast?
Toot: Come on, Ling-Ling. If you win this match, we'll finally have enough money to return to the land of indoor toilets!
Capt. Hero: Oh, ladies! What does Captain Hero have in common with Lance Armstrong's left testicle? We are both single! And we're sensitive to cold. [A cold wind passes and his head shrinks]
[Xandir and Wooldoor are playing "Dungeons and Dragons"] Xandir: This is so boring! Wooldoor: You know, when Hero's not around, "Dungeons and Dragons" seems to be a lot less about hand-jobs and a lot more about trolls
Toot: Our plan was working great. We were making more money than a televangelist in a room full of impressionable retards. For more information about this joke, please visit the South!
Capt. Hero: [Voiceover] I was an even bigger loser than a Christian scientist in a sensible religion contest!
Ling-Ling: Now that honorable battle! Not like the battle to put Toot to bed. [Flashback: Ling-Ling is chasing Toot who is in a feetsy pajamas] Toot: No! No bedtime! No sleep! [jumps over the banister to the lower level of the house] Eaaaaaaat! [Giant explosion]
Foxy: [In confessional] So I was all alone at the dance. And worse, the meteor was about to smash into the Earth! and if the movie "Deep Impact" had anything to go by, the whole planet was about to become boring and unwatchable.
Toot: C'mon! Do me! You know you want it! Donkey: I'm sorry, my dear, but even a filthy, pathetic donkey has standards.
Sapnky: Alright, Xandir's ueseless. Everyone listen to Spanky Ham. Now they say in the Boy Scouts: if you get lost, stay in one place until someone will come and find you Captain Hero: Stay in one place? I prefer my Boy Scouts to move around a little [Simulates sex move]
[Wooldoor opening the van door] Wooldoor: Ach du lieber Augustin! [continues by using his dummy] We can't get out this way either!
Xandir: Drawn Together Mall Trip '06 starts right now! Spanky: I hope to God you know what the hell you're doing.
Captain Hero: You're all going to die! This van just got a whole lot sexier...
Delivery Guy: [In confessional] Watching that kid in Home Alone is the closest thing my wife and I will get to having a real son...
Delivery Guy: This has been the worst delivery since my wife's miscarriage.
Foxxy: Hero, I want that gun. Captain Hero: If you want this gun, you'll have to pry it out of my cold, dead hand! [Foxxy slowly reaches towards him and takes the gun without ease] Oh, why did I keep my gun in my Bob Dole hand? [Wooldoor puts a pencil in Captain Hero's hand]
Xandir: Today was when I thought you all promised we'd go to the mall together! Captain Hero: I thought you promised you were going to SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
Spanky: You pathetic fools! Now we're all gonna die! Excludie: Even me? Spanky: No! Not you, Excludie! Now here's a blanket and a thermos of delicious hot cocoa. Excludie: Aww... [walks off]
Xandir: Hey guys, are you all ready to go? Captain Hero: Are you ready to SHUT THE FUCK UP?!?!
Clara: Get up, black person! Time to repent! Foxxy: Repent? But we just pented! [cut to a horrendously-painted wall]
Clara: I haven't seen a bovine with such kind eyes since Mother Theresa died!
Davey: Ah shucks! I'm gonna die! And I never knew what it's like to love. Goliath: What about all the stuff we did we went camping, Davey? Davey: That wasn't about love, Goliath. It was about POWER!
Captain Hero: If the fat chick hallucinating from the saltwater says it's true, then it must be true!
Xandir: And Hero, you gave up $10, 000 for a donkey on Let's Make a Deal Captain Hero: That donkey paid off for itself in the first six months!
Xandir: I'm leading us out of this van, like Moses led the Jews out of the desert to the world's everlasting regret
[Upon realizing that Scroto's last wish was to wash his testicles] Captain Hero: Not your baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllssss!!
Gash: Sorry Ling Ling, but your dancing days are over. Like any child who has ever been adopted, you are destined to kill.
Ling-Ling: Ling-Ling dreamed of becoming dancer but ended up being captured by preteen boy, just like Pete Townsend's heart
Director: Oh no! Something happened to Gwyneth Paltrow! Ling-Ling, you have to take her place as the star! Ling-Ling: I can't! Like Cameron Diaz without three inches of makeup, I'm not ready for the spotlight!
Spanky: Whoa, you're beautiful! What's your name? Charlotte: I'm Charlotte. Do you really think I'm beautiful? Spanky: WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST SAY?! Charlotte: Wow! No ones ever loved me enough to yell at me!
Captain Hero: What comes after asphyxi-seven? Asphyxiate!
Captain Hero: Your Balls are CLEAN!
Spanky: Huh? "Some Pig?" Charlotte: Mm-hmm, you were some pig last night. That was the hottest inter-species sex since Matthew Broderick nailed Sarah Jessica Parker.
Foxxy: Ling-Ling, you killed Xylophone! Toot: Who the hell is Ling-Ling?
Captain Hero: There I was, seconds away from destroying the most evil man I had ever known, but I couldn't kill someone on their deathbed.
Mrs. Wifflebottom: You knew there was a shark out there, but you let people go swimming anyway.
Fran Drescher: [in costume as Ling-Ling] Yoko Ono, Mitsubishi. I have a small penis.
Girl: Are you sure you're finished with that spider lady? 'Cause I am too classy to be the second woman... unless, of course, we're having a piss orgy.
Foxxy: Tookie, can't you just be happy for Mapplethorpe? Toot: Why don't you assholes believe me? [To Foxxy] And why don't you know any of our names?
Toot: [To Wooldoor] like a woman on a date with a Jew, you're gonna pay!
African Kid: Oh, dip! Our families will starve!
Tony Tiger: Okay, Miss Braunstein, tell us why the new face of Quacker's cereal should be a fat, disgusting woman! Toot: Because Mary Lou Retton sold a butt-load of Wheaties!
Pop: Hey, has anyone seen Jewel? [Pop sees a crowd] Oh no. Hey Snap, Crackle, that's my wife! [Snap and Crackle are in a threesome with Jewel] Jewel: I'm done wit' you, Pop. These boys don't need me to crap on their bellies to get off
Wooldoor: Frankenberry? Spanky: Ohhhh, it's Frankenberry now, because back in Hebrew school it was Frankenstein! Assimilation is our people's worst enemy. Frankenberry: I know...
Foxxy: Hey, wait! Them ain't yo Funyuns! Them's Foxxy's Funyuns. Narrator: And that is how Foxxy learned "Them ain't yo Funyuns. Them's Foxxy's Funyuns."
Captain Hero: If you tell me everything, I can talk to the D.A. about extenuating circumstances! Walter: "Extenuating circumstances?" What's that mean? Captain Hero: How am I supposed to know? I'm a goddamn baby!
Captain Hero: They threw there diapers against the wall. You should punish them with severe force. Then maybe they will love you like I do. [sniffs Mommy's leg and hugs her] God I love you So MUUUUCH!!!
Xandir: Foxxy, wanna race? Foxxy: A'ight, but I'm real shy, so won't you please pretend I'm the genocide in Sudan and turn your head? Clara: What's a genocide? Foxxy: How should I know? I'm just a baby!
Foxxy: You guys get rid of Chad. [the other babies get excited and pull out guns] Not the African country, the babysitter's boyfriend! [the other babies drop their guns in disappointment]
Narrator: And that is how Toot became a one-dimensional fat joke. Woman: [off-screen] Your face is a fat joke! Narrator: No, yours is.
Doctor: Now, you kids run along. I have to perform an emergency triple bypass. Clara: "Emergency triple bypass?" What's that? Doctor: How should I know? I'm just a baby! [everyone laughs]
Captain Hero: If anybody needs me, I'll be in the fridge, spending time with my new friend. Narrator: And that is how Captain Hero learned that dead bodies are game for anything... and I do mean anything. Goodnight, and fuck you.
Spanky: Well, both of you seem equally qualified, but I say we listen to Foxxy, since black people deserve a helping hand. Narrator: And that is how Princess Clara learned to hate the coloreds.
Foxxy: If you like that taste of chocolate, I could give you a tour of the whole factory. [removes most of her wardrobe to distract Captain Hero] Narrator: And that is how Foxxy Love became a whooooooore.
Narrator: And that is how Spanky Ham came to love the wonderful world of excrement... almost as much as I do. [gets under a glass table with a dollar bill in hand] Ready! [we see some excrement fall onto the table]
Narrator: And that is how Xandir became a... "homo."
Daddy: I'll go and take the sitter home. Mommy: Good, 'cause I've been brewing a major steamer, and if I don't drop it out soon, it's gonna tear me to shreds. Daddy: WHY DO YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO BE SO DISGUSTING?!
Daddy: I don't wanna be late, so could you move your fat ass?! Mommy: Shut your goddamn mouth, you drunken, unemployed bastard! You're gonna wake up Sid! [cut to Sid's bassinet, where the buzzing of flies can be heard, indicating that he has passed away]
Captain Hero: I'm telling Mommy! Xandir: You are such a tattletale, you adopted homo! Captain Hero: I was NOT adopted!
Captain Hero: Like when Daddy plays with Mommy on her woman week, I've caught you red-handed!
Foxxy: Walter?! What happened to your face? Wooldoor: What the fuck happened to your face?!
Captain Hero: So, Walter Saget, I suppose you don't know anything about that missing babysitter. Walter: How should I know? I'm just a pure and innocent little baby. Maybe she went to wash her dirty snatch!
Clara: To make the babysitter come, I'll cry even louder than Daddy after he found out about Black Daddy.
Chad: Pants... they're not just for chimps anymore!
Ling-Ling: ATTICA! ATTICA!
Uncle Benny: Jesus H. Snork! You sure knows rice! Ling-Ling: Well, you know what they say: we Asians born with grain of rice between our legs!
Captain Hero: A disgusting pig? A homosexual? Am I at Prince Charles' wedding?
Little Orphan Annie: [to Foxxy] Whatever you do, don't let him take... Your eyes!
Uncle Benny: [to Ling-Ling] Boy, I got's to say, like the tumor in my brain, you're beginning to grow on me
Uncle Benny: Foster son, since you've been here, my heart has swollen, soiled and lost nutrients. Just like my crappy rice
Foxxy: Repeat people much? Ling-Ling: Repeat people much? Foxxy: Repeat people much? Ling-Ling: Repeat people much? Foxxy: Repeat people much? Ling-Ling: Repeat people much?
Foxxy: We went to the Rice Museum/Holocaust Memorial, and Daddy got me this awesome T-shirt! It says, "Never forget..." [turns around] Uncle Benny: "...to salt the water before boilin' the rice."
Foxxy: With our little Chinese friend gone, things just wasn't the same. Our nails was unmanicured, our Zen garden was unraked, and now our Tibetans got way too much freedom.
Foxxy: Now, where's I supposed to sleep? [a dirty mattress and dog bowl are drawn in] Hold up! Is this some kinda joke? [is redrawn as a weird creature] That's it! Show yourself! Bugs Bunny: [as the artist] Ain't I an asshole?
Megatron: I can transform. Watch. [transforms into a gun and back] Now you transform. Foxxy: But I can't trans... Megatron: [transforms into a gun again] I SAID TRANSFORM!!
Phat Allen: Hey, that kid looks like a little girl in a pretzel store. Mushy Mouth: Little girl-buh in a pretzel store-buh? Phat Allen: Yeah, she's being a-salted!
Phat Allen: Boy, Foxxy. You're just like a German porn star's mouth. Foxxy: German porn star's mouth? Phat Allen: Yeah, you're full of shit! [Phat Allen & his gang laugh hysterically]'
Phat Allen: They oughta call you Lance Armstrong. Foxxy: 'Cause I only gots one ball left? Phat Allen: Wait a minute. Isn't Lance Armstrong the guy who hangs upside down from giant magnets?
Xandir: Here we are! The Large Bryant really big and fat and not tall but fat store.
Foxxy: They oughta call you Daddy. Phat Allen: Daddy? Foxxy: 'Cause you missed terribly!
Foxxy: Oh, Phat Allen? Come out and plaaaaay!
Not Bright Donald: Hey Phat Allen, you're just like a library on Sunday. Phat Allen: A library on Sunday? Not Bright Donald: Yeah, no circulation!
Indian Husband: Oh, my God! Indian Wife: We have hit the most sacred of all creatures in our completely sensible religion: a cow! Indian Husband: Oh, my hundreds of goofy gods!
Spanky Ham: Well, I don't like to blow my own horn...though for five bucks, I can't
Foxxy: They oughta call me childhood vaccinations. Phat Allen: Childhood vaccinations? Foxxy: 'Cause I've been killin' innocent kids.
Not Bright Donald: Miss Love, isn't it true you like a bowlin' ball? Foxxy: A bowlin' ball? Not Bright Donald: Yeah, 'cause you get fingered and thrown in the gutter 20 times a night!
(After the Indian family sings a song for Toot) Toot: Holy crap! That sucked my BALLS! [The family gasps] Family: It speaks! Toot: Oh Goddamn it. I mean... moo? Well, I guess the jig is up. Okay assbags, thanks for the grub and the retarded dance.
Phat Allen: Hey, hey, hey, hey. I think the Brown Hornet's tryin' to tell us somethin'. Not Bright Donald: What, Phat Allen, who has absolutely no affiliation with Bill Cosby's lovable character, Fat Albert? Phat Allen: I don't know, but I think it's about beatin' your meat.
Toot: (to the Indian crowd) OK, everyone, circle up! Otis Day: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU LOOKING AT!?
Jew Producer: Toot, you suck, yet you keep returning. How do you explain this phenomenon? Toot: Well, how do you explain your fugly face!? Jew Producer: I was burned in a horrible accident. It's quite sad, really...
Cast: One house to hold us all Eight different cartoon characters Letting it all hang out in front of a million cameras We're Drawn Together!
Jew Producer: Captain Hero, the votes are in, and you are...safe! Captain Hero: Oh my god! I love you, America! So why shouldn't we have a fucking baby?!?!
Jew Producer: Xandir, your appearance on the show has been one of the most controversial in recent years. Most notably, you're alleged affair with...moi Xandir: Eeeew! I wouldn't have sex with a Jewish guy even if you payed me. Which of course, you wouldn't
Brian Dunkleman: Ryan Seacrest was right. I'm not a Dunkleman. I'm a Dunkleboy.
Toot: Hey, assholes! Thanks for watching!
Jew Producer: Now, Captain Hero... Captain Hero: It's pronounced "Capitan", the "Hero" is silent
Clara: Okay, stop your game, Jew Producer, no-one's being voted off. We've been doing this for three years, we're all coming back [The shot freezes and a Fun-Fact pops up saying "When this line was written, Drawn Together had not yet been cancelled"]
Jew Producer: When we return we'll find out which one of our six remaining contestants' dreams will be totally ruined like your mom's reputation after I bone her face.
Wooldoor: Foxxy, the only thing you're good at is giving head, and you managed to do the opposite! Foxxy: You too Wooldoor? [Foxxy runs away crying and Wooldoor feels sad]
[The housemates are waking up in their house] Clara: Good morning, people and Foxxy. It's a lovely day to be on a reality show. Foxxy: And it's a great day to deny wettin' the bed. WHICH I DID NOT DO!
Network Head: No wonder everyone hates you, I.S.R.A.E.L., you're so goddamn aggravating!
Foxxy: I.S.R.A.E.L.? Why the fuck is it on our land when we already live here?
Captain Hero: You saved us, Molly! And tonight, I'll even let you fuck me in the mouth!
Suck My Taint Girl: Look, Make-A-Point Land! Wooldoor: Where? I can't see it. Foxxy: It's right over there, between Why-You-So-Bitter-About-Being-Canceled Land and You-Had-Three-Or-Four-Seasons-You-Should-Be-Happy-With-What-You-Got-Most-Shows-Don't-Even-Get-That Land.
Xandir: [while being imprisoned in a dungeon] I haven't seen this many shit-covered rodents since my last colonoscopy.
Network Head: It's not that I dislike the Drawn Together gang. It's that I hate those motherfuckers!
Wooldoor: This is horrible! We're canceled and fake. Just like my child support checks.
Spanky: Well, like a colostomy bag, I'm on Foxxy's side. I liked being a reality TV star. Wooldoor: Yeah! We need to get our show back. Otherwise, I'll have to go back to my old gig: exposing myself to children, and that union has THE worst health plan!
Spanky: If I can't fart or vomit or fill up an ice tray with the afterbirth of Foxxy's miscarriage and hand them out as ice pops to terminally-ill children on my hospital tours without making some kind of point, then maybe it's just not worth it.
Captain Hero: Psst! That guard outfit makes you look fat. Ryan the Rhino Guard: It does? [runs off crying] Another Rhino Guard: Oh, great! Now I'll have to deal with that all night. Ryan, wait up!
I.S.R.A.E.L.: I.S.R.A.E.L. must kill you all Xandir: Wait, can't we just work something out? I.S.R.A.E.L.: I.S.R.A.E.L. must be aggressive to survive. It's a common sense policy
Xandir: [to a crying Clara] Oh, it's OK, Clara. So we're not who we think we are. So what, right? Clara: So what? If I'm not a princess, then I'm just another beautiful virgin with real C-cups and a super-tight ass that continuously vibrates and tastes like wild berries.
Granddad: (wearing bath towel around his waist, holding empty orange juice carton) Would one of y'all like to explain this?! Riley: (rubs his eyes, groans)Mmmm, you mean the orange juice or the mini-skirt?
Ed Wuncler: What's your position on Gay Marriage? Granddad: Well, first of all, I believe all marriage is wrong!
Riley: I know about white people. Like when [white people] talk they say the whooole woorrd likeee thisss.
Granddad: (To Huey) The hell I can't! You're gonna go and you're not gonna embarrass me in front of my new neighbors or I'm gonna beat your ass. Riley: Why can't we act like ourselves, huh? Why can't I be me? Are you ashamed of us or something? Granddad: Very!
Riley: (entering Ed's room and seeing his huge array of guns) Woah... are they... real? Ed Wuncler III: Real? Put it dis' way, if I picked one up and, put it to yo face, pull de' trigger... will you be dead?
Priest: Well you should definitely see the passion. It's a very important movie. Huey: Couldn't see it, white Jesus. Priest: Excuse me? Huey: Come on man, It's supposed to be all historically accurate, and they STILL have a white man playing Jesus? That's some old bullshit.
Ed Wuncler: In 30 years, that boy's going to become the President of the United States... and he'll still be a (Beeped) idiot.
Riley: Granddad, can you take us into the city tomorrow to watch the R. Kelly trial? Granddad: Hell, no. But you can walk. Riley: It's forty miles! Granddad: All the money I spent on them damn Nikes? You better just do it.
Riley: She saw piss comin', she stayed. Tom: Yes, she did, but-- Riley: And why should I have to miss out on the next R. Kelly album JUST fo' that? (walks away) Huey: (to Tom) Man, you just got beat by an eight-year-old.
Young Uncle Ruckus: Hang that nigga now! I got the rope right here! (he holds up a noose)
Robert: Didn't Jerry Lee Lewis marry a thirteen-year-old baby? Uncle Ruckus: You can't compare a chocolate monkey like R. Kelly to Jerry Lee Lewis! He was the king of rock n' roll. Great balls of fire! And besides, that was different. It was family
Huey: Here's something black people have known for a couple of hundred years: niggas are crazy. Now black people don't like to talk about crazy niggas in public 'cause white people might be listening.
Robert: Hey, you know what Kobe said to OJ after the trial? "I hope this doesn't put you off white women" Uncle Ruckus: That's funny on so many levels
Granddad: I just can't stand to see a child go unbeaten.
A Pimp Named Slickback then draws his hand back to strike her, but Granddad's belt lashes out and catches his wrist. Robert Freeman: You ain't gonna hit no woman in my house! A Pimp Named Slickback: What woman, sir? This here's a ho! Robert Freeman: Not in this house, she's not!
(Dorothy the car has just pulled into their garage) Riley: I must be blind too, cuz I sho' didn't see that ass-whuppin' comin'!
(Huey wakes up startled from the dream) Huey:Niggas...
Huey: You must train. Granddad: I won't fail you. I'm not afraid. Huey: Oh you will be, you will be.
Huey: Granddad, the only way to win is not to fight. Tom: That's right, Robert. Nobody's gonna call you a "fruity-boy" or a "pansy-pants" if you don't do this. Riley: I will. Tom: Right, well... Riley will.
Notice at the beginning of the episode: The following is a completely fictional work of satire. Any similarities with actual rappers is totally, completely, coincidental.
Also, I ain't dissin' nobody's city, or region, or... whatever geographic affiliation you got. I love everybody.
Seriously. I really don't want any of you niggas running up on me at the club. I don't have no crew, and they don't pay me enough to hire bodyguards. I know how ya'll niggas do. It's just jokes, man.
Dictated. Not read. The management.
Riley: Excuse me, I'm lookin' for Gangstalicious. Receptionist: And who are you? Riley: I'm one of his many illegitimate children. Receptionist: Fifth floor.
Granddad: (watching a music video) What the hell is thuggin' luv? Who would want thuggin' luv? Is that when you make love to your woman and right before that "special moment", you beat her upside the head, snatch her purse, and throw it down the stairs?
Granddad: (calls Riley on the cell phone) Where's my goddamn orange juice, boy?! You hear me?! Whatchu doin'-- growin' the oranges?!
Jazmine: It's time to take the 'hoooo's' out of the music videos and put 'em in your mouth. Somebody say, "Ho Ho Ho." You see, nowadays everybody thinks "ho ho ho" means the Hilton Sisters standing next to Nicole Richie.
Huey: Granddad? Granddad! Granddad: I'm sorry boy... what was that? Huey: I just explained the entire history of Christmas! Granddad: But it was BO-RING HU-EY! You're just "blah blah, gay sex, blah blah, Congress!"
Granddad: Get the hell out of there, you ain't stealin' my car. (He swings a golf club wildly, finally connecting with the camera man, whom he knocks down and continues hitting with the club.) Xzibit: (Later, talking to the camera man) Dude, you got Fucked up by that old ass man!
Granndad: So you're saying that the car stops, and the wheels keep spinning? That's amazing!
Huey: (speaking to the camera, reality TV "confessional" style) I mean, everything we see is a false reality. It's like Big Brother, The Matrix, whatever you wanna call it. While we're watching each other, they're watching us. All the time.
Jazmine: You can believe in secret agents, but I can't believe in the tooth fairy? That's messed up Huey. Huey: Go... Eat something out of a dumpster... You street urchin!
Riley: (talking to the camera) I was like, "Man, Granddad done fucked it up for everybody!" Oh shit, is he gonna hear me say fuck?
Riley: Goodnight granddad. Granddad: (angrily) I'll good your night. Riley: Goodnight Huey. Huey: Goodnight Riley. Riley: Goodnight Huey's imaginary friend(snickers). Riley: Granddad, Huey's imaginary friend tried to touch me in a private place....hahahaha! Huey: (sighs)
Ed Wuncler Sr.: I own all the businesses on this block. Everything except Meadowlark Memorial Park. I've been trying to buy that park for years, but the state is trying to butt-fuck me on the price. But we'll see who butt-fucks who.
Mexican Immigrant Worker: Señor Wuncler, are we fired too? Ed Wuncler Sr. (Off-screen): Not the Mexicans! Crying worker: (stops crying) Hey, I'm half-Mexican! Ed Wuncler Sr. (Off-screen): Not the illegal Mexicans! (Worker begins crying again)
Newsman: Alright Ruckus, what's Robert Freeman's secret? Uncle Ruckus: Well let me just say this here, if there's one thing that a colored man is good at, it's cookin' a pig. Newsman: Well, there you have it.
Ed: I sent that bitch a smiley face. Bitches love smiley faces.
Gin Rummy: Maya Angelou? Maya "And I Rise" Angelou?
Wuncler III: (in a pool with water wings on) Hey, why ya'll leavin me out here? One of y'all motherf**kers better come out here and get me, I know that, or you will be livin in a haunted house tonight! Gin Rummy: Swim, bitch!
Wuncler III: Isn't that your brother?
Riley: And Y'all niggas are gay
Riley: I wanna paint Scarface shooting at like fifteen Colombian drug lords... with bitches!
Art Teacher: It's the police! I don't really like the police very much. Riley: Me neither! Art Teacher: Good! Then I'm gonna drive really fast, so we can get away from them!... if that's okay with you. Riley: Yea! Art teacher: That's great! Hold on...
Art teacher: I think it's time we lost these guys.
Granddad: What was the question? Riley: You asked us if we wanted to hear a really long story and we said "no."
Jazmine: (excited, runs toward Huey) You came back! Did you miss me? Huey: Maybe. Jazmine: (chuckles) I bet you did. 'Cause I don't headbutt you in the face like your other so called friends. Jazmine [chases Huey away] Let me see it!
Huey: (to Riley, who's spraying the water out of a hydrant) Riley! Riley:(looks up) What? Huey: White people have pools. Riley: Nigga, what's wit the coat?!
Huey: (talking to man as man walks by) Prozac can lead to suicide. Jazmine: But lemonade can lead to smiles, which can cause dimples. Man: (delighted) Dimples? I'll take two! Jazmine: Thank you. (to Huey) You're good for business!
Riley: (still talking to police) I'm not sayin' I do have a videotape, but I'm not sayin' I don't, either. Hypothetically speaking, how much would you pay for somethin' like that?
Riley: Why don't you just holla at him? Inmate: Pshh, I don't know. He's so detached. We used to spend all our yard time together. We used to lift weights together every day. He doesn't even spot me anymore. I think there's somebody else. Riley: ...Jail nigga, you gay.
Huey: (later) Operation Black Steel - the mission to liberate Shabazz K. Milton Berle - was aborted... 'cause I couldn't get a ride.
Huey: (praying in his head, on his knees, in tears) I never prayed before. I don't even know who I'm prayin' to. Maybe I'm too young to know what the world is supposed to be. But it's not supposed to be this. It can't be this. So... please.
(Cut to the governor's office) Man: Governor! Governor: What is it? Man: They found out about Raoul!
(Cut to Shabazz in the execution chamber. The power goes out right as the switch is pulled, and comes back on moments later. A phone rings) Prison guard: What just happened? Shabazz: Would somebody like to get that? I think it's for me.
Huey: (later, narrating) Shabazz K. Milton Berle was not yet free, but for now, the mission had been accomplished. I decided to take the rest of the day off... I wonder if there's anything good on TV.
Huey: (to Jasmine about going to the movies with Grandad) This will be the worst day of your life. I'm bringin' nunchucks. Riley:...I'm bringin' the .308 notecards!
Granddad (singing): Soul Plane! Soul Pla-a-a-ane! We gonna fly on the Sooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuul Plane.
Mo'nique: Damn! Now are you yelling at me or shitting at me?!
Snoop Dogg: (As pilot of the Soul Plane) Hijack? Them niggas ain't gettin my wizeed fo' rizeal fo' shizzle ma nigga, you know what I'm sayin'?
Snoop Dogg: (As pilot of the Soul Plane, speaking on radio) The terrorist's name is Kareem Abdul Jabaar... Naw nigga, I ain't gonna ask him for his mu'fuckin autograph!
(Huey starts to sit in the theatre seat next to Riley) Riley: (edging away in his seat) Eww, nigga you gay! (Riley moves to the next seat)
Riley: Booooo! Ay, Cuttotheflick!
Air Marshall 50 Cent: I'll stop these terrorists... or die tryin'...
Air Marshall 50 Cent: I'm gonna put an end to this... or die tryin'...
Terrorist: You will not kill me, Air Marshall 50 Cent! You will only die trying! Air Marshall 50 Cent: But I will kill you. Or I'm... uh... I'm gonna die... uh... trying...
A Pimp Named Slickback: Tom, I hope you can appreciate our 'No Refunds' policy. How about a complimentary date with Sweetest Taboo?
(After Tom re-enacts Usher's Burn) Riley: BOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Hey Tom, Shut the fuck up! Granddad: Boy watch your mouth! Tom, shut the fuck up!
Riley: Usher??!! (laughs) That nigga's my age!
Huey: Could be worse. Could've been Omarion.
(Usher proceeds to knock him to the ground) Sarah: Wait! Stop! Don't hurt him! Jazmine: I'm sorry Usherrrrrrr!
Grandad: (to Riley) I'm gonna take me a nap, gonna drink me a Red Bull, then I'm wake up and beat you until you decide to talk!
Ed Wuncler III: (to the assembled crowd) What the fuck y'all lookin' at? (into his Bluetooth) No baby, I wasn't talking to you...
Gin Rummy: (to Riley as he and Ed rode of on his bike) Thank you for not snitching! Ed Wuncler III: You stupid mother fucka!
(Ed and Rummy laugh while Riley looks like he's bound to cry) Ruckus: It was them Freeman boys! I'm tellin' you you can't trust those new niggas!
(Everybody Gasps) Ruckus: (modestly) Yeah I said it...
Riley: But what will my niggas think of me if i snitched? Huey: What niggas? Riley: I got niggas!!! Huey: Where? Riley: In da street!!! Huey: What street?
Possessed Tom: You ain't too little to get that ass whooped! bring it on Huey
Possessed Tom: Is that all you got, nigga? Uncle Ruckus: Oh, no, nigga. That's just the tip of this iceberg. (Opens a book and shoves it in Possessed Tom's face) Read, nigga, read!!! Possessed Tom: AAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHH!!!(bed begins to levitate)
Riley, Grandad and Ruckas: Nigga! Get yo black ass out of there!
Uncle Ruckus: We must use the tools God gave us to fight niggas; a whip, a noose,a night-stick,a branding iron! These things strike fear into a nigga's heart. A job application!
Tom: (reviving) Uh-uh- w-what am I doing on Riley's bed? Riley: You know, that's a real good question! What are you doing in my bed?! All the beds in this house and I got the possessed nigga in my bed! Ain't this a bitch! Some ol' bullshit!
(Granddad and Thugnificent, apparently reconciling, shake hands and hug. The press applauds) Granddad: (quietly, sourly) You still gonna pay for my lawn. Thugnificent: (quietly, venomously) Eat a dick, old nigga.
(Granddad is awoken by the loud music at Thugnificent's house party) Granddad: Hey!!! Shut up with all that damn noise!!!! I'm an old man, y'all need to listen to some Nat King Cole and some Johnny Mathis!!
Riley: (To Luna, who has just arrived) We don't keep cash in the house!
(After telling Robert and Tom about the various abuse experiences she's had) Luna: After that, I had one terrible relationship after another. I suffered every kind of abuse imaginable: Verbal...
Ex-Boyfriend #1: I told you not to wash my bloody ski mask with detergent because it irritates my fucking eczema!!!!
Luna: Spiritual...
Ex-Boyfriend #2: Look at ya, don't nobody want you but me. You ain't fuck without me. You without me equal shit, you understand that you ugly fat bitch. Now let me borrow your car.
Luna: ...and then there was that summer I dated Jim Brown...
Doorbell Ho: (orgasmically) Ding....... dong.... Thugnificent: That's right, nigga! Whore Bell.
Riley: Hey, if nigga's ain't mad at you, you're doing something wrong! Huey: By that definition then, you have a very bright future. Riley: Thanks, man!
Thugnificent: Riley, why you didn't tell us someone jacked yo' chain? Riley: I didn't want y'all to think I couldn't handle my shit like a man. Flownominal: Riley, that's the whole point of bein' in a crew, nigga! So you ain't never gotta handle yo' own shit like a man!
(Annual All-Star Weekend presenter on Riley) Presenter: Here he is winning the 3-point contest, making it rain like Lil' Wayne out this Mother(Beeped)! Without taking off his warm-ups! Or his Tims, nigga!
Uncle Ruckus: (blows referee whistle) Alright everbody, keep an eye on your wallet! Heh,heh heh! (to Riley) Look here ol' dawg, the only stealin' and shootin' I wanna see is this here b-ball, ya little future ex-con!
(Riley wants to change the name of the team from the Woodcrest Deers) Tom Dubois: You don't like the name? We rep Timid Deer! Riley: I don't wanna rep Timid Deer. I want to rep something that doesn't sound faggy!
(Uncle Ruckus is reffing the basketball game.) Uncle Ruckus: (to Riley, regarding Cindy McPherson) Lookin' at the white girl is a foul. Speakin' to the white girl is a technical foul! And touchin' the white girl... ho-ho ho ho ho, now that's a LYNCHIN'!
"Fearsome" Cindy McPherson: Uh-Oh.Don't get picked by a girl now! I don't think you want that. That ain't pretty!
(Cindy is taunting Riley on the court as she stands dribbling) "Fearsome" Cindy McPhearson: Got 'em.... Got 'em.... Got 'em!! (Blows past Riley and scores with a layup) Uncle Ruckus: FOUL, FOUL, keep your hands off that little girl Riley: com on man that's some old bullshit
(After his team lose the last basketball game.) Tom Dubois: Motherfuckker! Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Pricks! Shit. Shit. Shit. Shhhhhheeeeiiiiiittttt...
Riley Freeman: Yo momma got caught givin' up neck in the bathroom at the Woodcrest Country Club and it wasn't yo daddy.
Uncle Ruckus: (talking to Riley) white man made you look like a fool, aint no surprise to me all the greatest basketball players have always been white still are Larry Bird, Dirk Novitzki oh sure he's ugly as hell on the face but he's as white as rice.
Riley: Huey? Huey: Yeah? Riley: I don't like losin'. Huey: Well, then stop beatin yourself. Riley: Huey? Huey: Yeah? Riley: You still a bitch! (laughs)
Robert "Granddad" Freeman: I've seen that raggedy piece of shit house. That nigga ain't lost that damn much.
Riley Freeman: Everybody knows that New Orleans Niggas is grime-y!" Nique: (walks by) "Yup, thanks wotey" Riley Freeman: "That's my hat!"
Jericho's Mother: The Lord will provide another lamp!!! Praaaaiiise JESSSSUSSS!!!!!
Uncle Ruckus: I hate jazz music, sounds like a&#65279; long car wreck with a bunch of cats!
Uncle Ruckus: Ever hear of that movie, When The Levees Broke? I got me a documentary called 'When Are The Levees Gonna Break Again?
Robert "Grandad" Freeman: I'm sorry the levees broke but if they don't get their black asses out of here, I'm gonna be broke.
Uncle Ruckus: I got a dog named Levee and every time it rains I kick him.
Jericho: Come on Robert, what would mama say it she knew you were kickin' out your family? Robert "Granddad" Freeman: SHE'D SAY GET THEM BROKE-ASS NIGGAS THE FUCK OUT!!!
Riley: Bitch, this all you got?!! Three dollars and a prepaid cellphone with only two fucking minutes left on it?!!
Uncle Ruckus: Hey there Robert! I'd offer to help you with your bags, but you a coon!
Huey: I'm not gonna fight you, I'm grounding you! Riley: Ground me? What is this? Family Ties? Nigga, you can't ground me! Huey: I just did. Don't leave the house.
(Riley is preparing to leave the house) Riley: (under breath) This nigga musta lost it! I wanna know what this nigga be smokin' on! Shoot. Talkin' about I'm grounded. I'm Young Reezy! I goes where I wants'ta go.
(Huey begins to run at a rapid pace as Riley opens the door). (Huey kicks Riley in the face). Huey: Your grounded! Riley: (After being drop-kicked) You better have eyes in the back of yo' head, nigga!
Huey: I have supreme authority while Granddad's away! Riley: You got supreme authority over these nuts, nigga!
Riley:(after being thrown in closet) I'm closet-phobic.
(A gun battle ensues)
Riley: Okay! I'm reloaded! Hee-hee! Heh heh heh heh! How you like that, fool?
(Both have guns pointed at each others heads, at point-blank range)
Huey: Why does it always have to end up like this? Riley: Cuz youse a bitch. Huey: Don't do it!
(They both pull their triggers and knock each other out)
Riley: Can't you just be happy to see another nigga fitted up--lookin' dipped and buttered and shinin' and glistenin'? Huey:You used all of the money
Huey: You both say the word nigga all the time. Robert"Granddad" Freeman: I do not! Huey: Riley thought it was his name until he was three.
Ann Coulter: (repeated line) I mean... [scoffs]
(On the phone trying to hire extras to fill out a protest) Reverend Rollo Goodlove: Hell nah them niggas ain't getting no dinner, Just lunch...able
Bill Cosby: I don't think black people should ever use racist words when describing other black people. And if you DO, then you're a Sambo, and a Coon. B'HAH HAH HAH HAH.
Uncle Ruckus: (about Huey's story): What website is that?
www.madeupmonkeyshit.com
(song is cut off mid-sentence) Master Colonel: Thank you, Tobias. I want you to know, you've always been like a son to me, except I would never ever lay with your black jungle bunny momma. Tobias: Oh, master! Thelma: KILLS DEM BOTH!
Tobias: NO! You lyin' black bitch! Thats wasn't a week! Oh!
(Story pauses)' Riley:'Hold up, hold up! How this nigga learned that ninja shit? They didn't know about that back then!
(Catcher leaps from tree to tree like Tarzan) Uncle Ruckus:Look at that nigga go! Ha Ha!
(Story pauses) Riley:Oh look you see that nigga flip from tree to tree like on some old Tarzan shit? Wait, wait, wait, bring that back; I need that again! Uncle Ruckus:I be happy to that for ya. (Scene rewinds and starts up again) Look at that negro go again! Ha Ha!
Huey: I like Elton John. But that doesn't make me gay. Riley: Is Elton John gay? Huey: Yeah. Riley: See? And YOU gay.
Riley: (gesturing effeminately) I'm the most not-gay nigga of the not-gay niggas of the whole universe!
Riley: My nigga, I watch BET everyday, feel me? Ain't nuttin' wrong wit' me, feel me? Nigga you just hatin', feel me? That's why you ain't never gonna have no paper, ain't never gonna have no bitches, feel me?
Male BET Employee: I've got a question. Weggie Rudlin: Of course you do, you didn't go to Harvard.
Uncle Ruckus : I wake up about a quarter of five in the A.M. every morning. That's about 12 more hours before most niggas wake up. Heh, heh.
Uncle Ruckus: I got somethin' for a fraternity for niggas. A fraternity of bananas up a tree! (barks like a dog, then laughs). Black fraternities should have a name, like boogedy boogedy! Hey, I got a black fraternity for ya, it's called prison! Jail Fi Jail, nigga!
(in the movie theater while Madea's Next Movie is playing) Uncle Ruckus: Will you niggas, PLEASE shut the hell up?!! I'm tryin to watch this piece of (Beep) movie?!!
In Granddad's dream, dozens of Stinkmeaners try to break into his house. Three Stinkmeaners emerge from a wall, and one yells: Colonel Stinkmeaner: My name is Colonel H. MOTHERFUCKING Stinkmeaner, and this time, I'm rolling DEEP, NYU-KA!!
[As the police arrest the other three Hateocracy members] Colonel Stinkmeaner (narrating): And that's the moral of the story. Some niggas need to go jail! I may be in hell, but at least I ain't in jail, nigga! (laughs maniacally)
[In Granddad's dream, Tom lets the Stinkmeaners drag Sarah away.] Sarah: TOM, YOU PUNK-ASS MOTHERF-- AAAH!
[In response to one of Bushido Brown's demands] Granddad: Nigga, did you just tell me to wipe your ass?
[Referring to Bushido's corpse] Granddad: Somebody get that headless dickhead off my lawn!
Riley: I don't give to nobody, I just pay the cost to do business.
Jazmine: Hi Mr. Freeman! Granddad: Well hello little baby. Jazmine: Would you like to buy some candy bars to keep kids away from gang and guns?
Riley: You wanna be in this business, you got to pay the cost to doing business, and when the cost gets too high, you get out of business.
[Beavis is about to set a fly on fire using a lighter.] Butt-head: Light one up its butt.
[Beavis does so, then drops the burning insect in order to see it explode. Both of them are now laughing.] Butt-head: That was cool.
[The pair both play air guitar, in celebration of their antic, until they see a frog.] Beavis: Look, dude! A frog! Beavis and Butt-head: FROG BASEBALL!! Butt-head: GET IT!!
[Butt-head constantly misses the frog with the bat.] Beavis: Strike One! Strike Two! Strike Thr... AAAARRGH!
[Butt-head hits Beavis on the back of the head with the bat.] Butt-head: Ball. Huh huh.
[Butt-head hits the frog with the baseball bat.] Butt-head: YES!!
Butt-head: That was cool.
[The pair hum out Deep Purple's "Smoke on the Water" as a celebration for killing the frog. They soon see a poodle nearby.] Beavis: Look, Butt-head! Mrs. Higgins' poodle! Beavis and Butt-head: DOG BASEBALL!! Butt-head: GET IT!!
[Beavis & Butt-Head going from door to door] Butt-Head: Er wanna save some mixed butts ?
[Next] Beavis: Er,you like animals ? Woman: What ? What ? Just a minute. Shut up ! Shut up or I have to put your slipe! Now, what did you want ? Butt-Head: Er never mind ! Huh Huh
[On the way to the next door] Beavis: No one is gonna sign this thing! Butt-Head: Yeah! huh huh! Petitions are stupid!
[Next] Drunken man: What do you want ? Butt-Head: Huh Huh, check this out! We're givin away beer! Just sign here!
Butt-Head: Tattoos are cool. Beavis: Yeah yeah! I'm gonna get one! Butt-Head: You could have "I'm a puss" tattoo on your butt. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-Head!
Beavis: Think she's a diver? Butt-Head: Ask your mom. Beavis: Choadsmoker.
Sergeant: Seems you boys joined by assigning youselves a rank. So, which one of you signed up as "Major Woody" and "Private Parts?!" Why you little pinkos!
Sergent: I can get you delayed entry, your own uniforms, grenades, and ammo. I can probably get you stationed over at Fort Dix. Butt-Head: Fort Dix? Is that anywere near fort nuts?
Sergent: Has anybody in your familiy been in the service? Butt-Head: Uh, Beavis's dad was in the navy. Sergent: Is that so? Butt-Head: Yea he was a seaman.
Butt-Head: (over the drive thru speaker) Uh go away. Were like closed or something.
[Mr. Anderson leaves.] Butt-Head: This sucks. Beavis: Yeah.
[Mr. Anderson is describing Beavis and Butt-Head to some police officers.] Mr. Anderson: One of 'em calls himself Butthole. The other one's name is Joe, I think. Police Officer: And what did these boys look like? Mr. Anderson: I believe they were oriental.
[after Beavis and Butt-Head flipping through the channel until the ad for the Death Truck on Pay-per View appears] Beavis: Yes! Order it, dude! Butt-Head: We can't. Huh huh. They locked us out after Steven Seagal Month. Beavis: That sucks!
Butt-Head: Hey, Beavis. I heard if you filled the room up with gas and light a match, all the oxygen disappears and you get a killer buzz!
Beavis and Butt-Head: STEWART'S HOUSE!!!
Butt-head: Hey! Spank your own monkey all you want, but keep your hands off of mine.
Beavis, Butt-head: [in unison] Diarrhea, cha cha cha! Diarrhea, cha cha cha! Daria: Get a life.
Butt-head:go away, diarrhea! Both Beavis and Butt-Head: SATURDAY NIGHT!! Daria: Butt-head, why don't you try this experiment? Analyze the friction caused by digitally oscillating your weiner.
[Beavis and Butt-head both laugh] Butt-head: That was cool.
Butt-head: Beavis' dad was in the Navy. Sgt. Dick Leaky: Is that right? Butt-head: Yeah. He was a seaman.
Butt-head: [reading off the washing machine] Huh huh huh, it says 'load'.
Beavis+Butt-head: [[singing to the tune of "Breaking the Law" by Judas Priest ] Washing the dog, washing the dog! Washing the dog!
Butt-head: [placing the dog in a washing machine] It's a poodle, set it on "delicate".
Beavis: Hea hea, I barfed on the dog. Butt-Head: Huh huh, I barfed on you.
Mr. Anderson: Now, I want you boys to prune both of these trees up front here and I, uh...
[Beavis and Butt-Head start to laugh.] Mr. Anderson: Hey, you boys look familiar. Aren't you the ones that ran off with my riding mower last week? Butt-Head: Uh...no.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] Mr. Anderson: You the ones that painted my cat's butt? Butt-Head: No.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] Mr. Anderson: Well, the cops'll get 'em. Luckily, I've got homeowner's insurance. Butt-Head: You've got what? Huh-huh, huh-huh, huh-huh. Mr. Anderson: Homeowner's insurance.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh harder.] Mr. Anderson: Now, have you boys done any pruning before? Butt-Head: Yeah.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] Mr. Anderson: You know, back when I was your age, I'd work 14 hours a day pruning trees and still have time to come home and mow the lawn.
[Beavis starts picking his nose.] Mr. Anderson: I'll be back in a while to see how you're doing. Remember, it ain't what you cut, it's what you don't cut.
[Mr. Anderson walks away.] Butt-Head: What a dork. Beavis: Yeah.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] [Mr. Anderson opens the fridge on his porch, grabs a beer, and shuts the door.] Mr. Anderson: Boy, oh, boy. What I wouldn't give for five minutes alone with those little bastards that took my mower.
Beavis: Hey, Butt-head, do you think a man will ever land on Uranus? Butt-Head: Maybe on your anus.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh. Mr. Anderson is still speechless.] Butt-Head: That was cool.
[They continue laughing.] [Beavis and Butt-Head are playing court in an open field next to the street, using a grasshopper as the defendant] Butt-Head: Huh, huh, this court is now in session. Beavis: I know you've been sworn sir, and I have read your complaint. Heh, heh.
Beavis: hey butthead, look what i found yesterday. Butt-head: WOAH, where'd ya find it? Beavis: Anderson's house.
Pet store attendent: Will there be anythings else? Butt-Head: Do you have any dead animals?
Dave: Now it's time for you boys to earn your keep. Look in the glove box. Butt-head: [opens the glove compartment and pulls out two condoms] Oh no, Dave's gonna boof us.
"---- Butt-head: Mexico really sucks!
Mr. Van Driessen: Today, we're going to explore the world of haiku. Butt-head: We're gonna explore the world of getting high? Cool! Huh huh. Mr. Van Driessen: No, Butt-head. Not "high, cool". But, the ancient, Japanese, spare, haunting poetry called "haiku".
Butt-head: That was cool uh-uh, when we killed that frog, uh-uh. He won't croak again.
[both are hanging upsidedown from the movie sign with their pants down] Butt-head: [looking at Beavis' butt] Huh huh, your butt kinda looks like baloney. With pimples. Beavis: Hey! Why are you so interested in my butt!? Butt-head: Uh....have you heard that new Gwar album?
[Beavis is licking a toad, as some sort of remedy for his illness] Butt-head: I don't get it. It's supposed to pack an awesome buzz.
[Beavis spits out the toad] Beavis: Mmmmmm. Tastes like chicken.
[The pair go looking for the toad] Beavis and Butt-head: Here, toadie, toadie.
Butt-head: And it is with utmost regret that I must report that our baby was stolen by gypsies in the night.
Butt-head: You asswipe! I was trying to have a wet dream.
Butt-head: Uh...Hey Beavis. I got an idea. Beavis: Yeah, me too! Let's go over to Stewart's house and burn something. [holds up a lighter] Butt-head: No, dumbass. Let's become one of those 'stand-up chameleons' and get a bunch of money.
Butt-head: Here's another one. How do you keep a moron in suspense?
[long pause, Beavis stares intently] Butt-head: ....Uh...I dunno.
Member of Audience: You suck, get off! Butt-head: Uh, is that what she said?
Policeman: Oh no, not another elderly woman flying down the street. They never learn.
Old woman: What happened to my spectacles? Butt-head: Uh, your testicles?
Store clerk: Are you two gonna buy something or are you gonna stare all day? Butt-head: Uh, we're gonna stare all day.
Butt-head: [reading an advertisement in a magazine] Uh Sunny Grove Nudist colo... cola.. naked people.
Beavis: Tornadoes are cool! They can drive matches through a 2x4!
Butt-head: [fake accent] I'm Bunghead and he's Crevasse. Huh huh. We are foreign extra-strange students.
Butt-head: [fake accent] He was aiming at us. Huh huh. Beavis: [fake accent] He didn't fire. Fire Fire Fire! Heh heh heh. Fire! Huh heh heh. Yeah.
Butt-Head: Prison rules.
Nurse: Well gentlemen, go to work.
[Beavis unzips his pants] Nurse:...On your tests. Beavis: ...oh. [zips back up]
Nurse: Where's your container? Beavis: I was supposed to use a container?
Butt-head: He's fallen and he can't 'get it up'.
Buzzcut: You are what you eat! You got three food groups, and they sure as hell ain't fries, Chips Ahoy, and Milk Duds! And you all wonder why your faces look like topographic maps of the Himalayas!
Buzzcut: Are you a man? Butt-head: Uhhh, yeah. Buzzcut: What makes you think so? Butt-head: Uhhh, I got testicles. Beavis: Heh, heh. Yeah.
[Beavis suddenly drops the barbell on his throat, choking himself.] Buzzcut: You clowns think you're so damn funny! You say you're a man? Prove it! Butt-head: Uhhh....
[Butt-head flexes his arm, which falls limp.] Buzzcut: You want to see a man, boy? I'll show you a man! KICK ME IN THE JIMMY! Butt-head: Huh, huh. No way! Buzzcut: I said DO IT!
[Butt-head kicks him in the nuts, Buzzcut strains] Buzzcut: Yyyyeesss! Do it again! Do it HARD!
[Butt-head kicks him again, Buzzcut strains] Buzzcut: Yyyyeessss!! Butt-head: Whoa, that was cool.
Butt-head: Told ya dude. Huh huh. He wants you.
[For this, Beavis' face turns red and whacks Butt-head's face with an oar. A fight ensues until both boys fell off the canoe] Mr. Van Driessen: OK, Stew, let's pitch a tent.
[Beavis and Butt-head laugh] Mr. Van Driessen: Grab a pole.
[Beavis and Butt-head laugh] Mr. Van Driessen: Stick it in the hole, Stewart.
[Beavis and Butt-head laugh] Mr. Van Driessen: OK, boys, lets erect this thing.
[Todd consumes the nachos and drink before driving off] Todd [Whilst suffocating Butt-head]: What do you fuzz-nuts want?
Butt-head: They're gonna lose.
Beavis: Where's the bratwurst?
[being told about a character from a Swords and Sorcery game] Butt-head: Hey Beavis...I got a 'charmed long staff' [turns around, then turns back with dice up his nose]
Beavis: (On the phone with the Home Shoping network) Yea, I'd like to order one of those pubic zercroniums.
[Beavis and Butt-head are dueling grasshoppers] Beavis: Your's is a wuss. Butt-head: Shut up Beavis.
Butt-Head: One family pack of chicken nuggets. Beavis: One large Cola.
(tosses both at the ceiling fan, splattering it.) Buttt-Head: Would you like fries with that? Beavis: Yeah, yeah I will.
Beavis: Butt tattoos kick ass! Butt-head: And ass tattoos kick butt.
Beavis: Voices are cool. I hear voices too. They tell me to do stuff like stay home from school, and watch TV, and, like, break stuff, and like... Butt-head: Whoa. Preach on, brother Beavis.
Student: [while discussing about Jurassic Park] ..and then he attacked the dude in his own car. Beavis: The dinosaur had a car? Butt-head: How else you think he's got there, dumbass? On a bike? Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head!
Beavis: Getting kicked in the nads by a cow sucks! Butt-head: Uh, That's not a real cow, dude. That's like a deer. Beavis: How did you know?
Butt-head: Hey Beavis. I heard if you tip a cow over while it's sleeping, cool stuff happens. Beavis: Really? Like what? Butt-head: Uh...it falls over? Beavis: Cool! We're there, dude!
Butt-head: Woah, check it out. Beavis: Heh, yeah. Stupid dog. Butt-head: Uh, I heard if you like, don't act scared, they won't attack you. Beavis: Heh, how do you do that?
[The dog leaps and bites Beavis' leg] [talking to some other kids, referring to the dog bite] Butt-head: Huh huh, you wanna touch his bone? Beavis: Yeah, heh, touch it.
Kid: Decent! Is it contagous? Butt-head: No. I disinsected it. [pours a sports drink onto the wound] Sports drinks have nutrients.
Hospital Receptionist: Can I help you? Butt-head: Uh, he's got like, rabies or something. Hospital Receptionist: I see. What's your name? Butt-head: Uh, last name is 'Munch'. First name is 'Rodney'. Beavis: Yeah, heh heh, yeah. Rod Munch.
TV: The good news about rabies is that treating it no longer means a series of painful injections into the solar plexus. New vaccines require only 5 simple shots in the arm. Butt-head: Hey Beavis. How come that stupid doctor didn't know that? Beavis: Maybe he doesn't watch TV.
[switch to the Doctor, who is in a dark room wielding a needle] Doctor: Hahahaha! Rod Munch, huh? HAHAHAHA!
Buzzcutt: Now, listen up people. I am not an unreasonable man, but I say that there's nothing wrong with you little monsters that can't be cured by a quick return to the days of CORPOREAL PUNISHMENT!
Buzzcutt: Now, here to talk about your feelings is your new school psychiatrist, Dr. Floss.
Weight Lifter: You were supposed to be spotting me! Stickboy! Butt-Head: Uh... There you are. Uhuhuh Beavis: Yeah yeah, heh heh, I spotted you right over there. Weight Lifter: [lifts them up by the neck and growls] Beavis: [while choking] Heh heh hey, don't make me kick your ass.
[The weight lifter throws them through the window] Butthead: ...Exercise sucks.
Butt-head: Huhuh, I can like, hear her butt!
Butt-head: Let's not use our real names. Beavis: Yea Butt-head: [on the phone] I'm Beavis and he's Butt-head.
[Beavis and Butt-head are watching TV] TV Voice-over: We now return to Robert Yearing, Mellissa Gilbert, and Lou Ferigno in "Asbestos in Obstetrics." Beavis: Hey, Butt-head! What is Astesbos? Butt-head: Uhh... It's like, health food or something.
[A blackout occurs, and people are looting around town] Butt-head: Are they having another one of those Midnight Madness sales? Beavis: Yeah. Yeah. WE'RE SLASHING PRICES! EVERYTHING MUST GO! Butt-Head: That was cool. We gotta find a place to watch tv. Beavis: Yeah, yeah.
[Two men come out of a broken store window with a tv.] Beavis: Hey, they've got one. Butt-Head: Yeah. (Yelling to the men offscreen) Hey, wait up, dude. Cop (offscreen): FREEZE POLICE! (Gunshot) Butt-Head: Uhh.. never mind.
[Mr. Van Driessen is directing traffic.] Mr. Van Driessen: That's right, everyone. If we all work together and respect one another's space, we'll get through this crisis with a newfound sense of community.
[A truck driver is passing by.] Truck Driver: (to Mr. Van Driessen) Get out of the street, you longhaired panty-waist!
Mr. Van Driessen: (Directing traffic) I need to go coordinate the emergency shelter at the Y, but I can't move my post until I'm relieved. Butt-Head: Uhh... just go behind a building, dude. No one will see.
Butt-head: Mr. Stevenson, is that you? Mr. Steveson: Beavis, Butt-head, thank god! What happened? Tell me what happened! Butt-head: Our TV broke. Beavis: Can we watch it at your house?
[Mr. Stevenson groans] Mr. Van Driessen: Now, I'm going to close my eyes, and I want you to wow me. Butt-head: Uh...Is that allowed on school property?
Butt-head: (as David Letterman) So we're going to go over our Top 10 List from our home office in Butt, Montana. (bounces pencil on table which goes flying right through Beavis (Paul Shaffer)'s glasses) Beavis: AGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH! Butt-head: WHOA! That was cool!
Butthead: We're gonna kick Letterman's butt.
Beavis: So like, in heaven, will all the chicks do anything I want? St. Peter: No. Beavis: That sucks. Do I get X-Ray Vision? Can I get some nachos? St. Peter: No. Beavis: Are you sure this is heaven?
Beavis: What do you know, asswipe? St. Peter: I know everything, buttmunch.
Butt-head: Beavis is not dog food. He's worm food.
Tom Anderson: You know, when a man builds a new swimming pool, there's some things he just can't do by himself. Butt-head: Beavis does things by himself.
Butt-head: [referring to a nude male statue's penis] Huh, huh...it's hard, but it's not, like, hard? Mr. Van Driessen: Very good, Butt-head!
Mr. Van Driessen: Now, works by the master painters of the centuries!
[Beavis and Butt-head break into laughter. Daria enters] Daria: He said master painters!
[Daria exits] Butt-head: Oh! Beavis: Yeah, master painting is cool.
Beavis: What did you bring back, Butt-head? Butt-head: One huge boob. [shows Beavis] What did you bring back?
[Beavis shows Butt-head a picture of something flesh colored] Butt-head: Uh, what is it? Beavis: Heh heh. It's a butt.
Butt-head: I can't get out. I'm, like, stuck. Huh huh. Beavis: Really, heh heh. That's cool. Butt-head: It's not cool, Beavis. I'm not sure yet, but I think it sucks.
Beavis: Tit-le-ist!
Butt-head: Beavis, your balls are filthy. Go to the ball washer, now!
(Beavis starts pumping ball washer) Golf Instructor: "You're pulling your head on every stroke."
(They laugh; Beavis pumps washer faster) Golf Instructor: "Let me see your bag."
(They laugh; Beavis pumps washer even faster) Golf Instructor: "Here, take your wood and try using a different grip on the shaft."
(They laugh) Butt-head: Hey, Beavis. We could get rich doing this. We need to get more balls. Beavis: [laughs] You've got to hear what you just said, Butt-head. You said heh, "we need to get more balls." Butt-head: Huh huh huh, oh yeah.
Mr. Anderson: Wait a minute! These balls look kinda familiar. Butt-head: Uh, many balls look the same, sir. Beavis: Yeah, I have two that are identical.
Orthodontist: Well, Butt-head, we're not seeing a lot of progress here. Have you been wearing your rubber bands and headgear at night? Butt-head: Huh huh huh, headgear.
Optometrist: Now what do you see [points to vision test board] Beavis: Ummm. Uh, the alphabet. Heh Heh.
Optometrist: You're not leaving until you get one right.
Points to the letter "O" Beavis: Oh, that's a letter right?
Young Woman: (Thinking) Please dont let them sit over here. Please don't let them sit over here. Please, god, don't let them sit over here. Butt-Head: Hey Beavis, let's sit over there.
Butt-Head: Hey baby. You got any cavities?
Stewart: I, sometimes I wet the bed. Isn't it, like, normal? What happened if I get married? Beavis: Is this, is this, uh..... Hey Stewart! Stewart: (embarrassed) Oh no. Beavis: Stewart, what a weiner! Heh heh heh!
(Stewart's face turns red in humiliation) Beavis: (sing-song) Stewart wets his bed, da-na! Stewart: (humiliated) Oh God!
(Stewart quickly hung up) Beavis: (sing-song) Stewart wets his bed, da-na! Heh heh heh!
Butt-head: Uh... I've got a crisis... In my pants.
Stewart's Mom: Have you boys eaten breakfast? Beavis: ....I think I did once.
Principal McVicker: I don't know what you're thinking, but I simply cannot have students roaming the halls, interrupting other classes, and giving prophecies of a great plague.
Beavis: DO NOT MAKE MY BUNGHOLE ANGRY!
Burger World Manager: [counting money] fifty, sixty, sixty five- Butt-head: Twelve. Burger World Manager: Shut up. [counts in the background] Beavis: One! Twenty-five cents. Butt-head: Uh, Sixty-nine. Beavis: Number two. Burger World Manager: Eighty three, eighty four, SHUT UP.
Beavis: I didn't do it! I didn't do it! It was like...some foreigner.
Butt-head: Beavis, you suck as a liar. Beavis: Heh, yeah, liar. LIAR! Liar, liar, pants on-...heh! Woah.
[Beavis is still in the waiting room] Beavis: I didn't do it, bunghole! Heh heh.
[The detector dings 'true' and Beavis takes a deep breath and holds it] News Reporter: When asked how a teenage boy could have commited a crime that happened more than 2 decades ago, a police spokesman explained, quote, "He's very clever".
[In a kindergarten class] Butt-head: Hey Beavis. These chicks are flat.
[The kindergarten class are read a book by their teacher]
Kindergarden Teacher: Butt-head, are you angry? Butt-head: I'm, like, angry at numbers. Beavis: There's like, too many of 'em and stuff.
[Both are taken to the principal's office by the kindergarten teacher] Kindergarten Teacher [To the principal]: Get these two imbeciles out my class, or find yourself a new kindergarten teacher!
Butt-head: [holding an empty garbage can] Now remember the rules, Beavis. I throw it at you, then you throw it at me. Beavis: Um, I don't get it. How do you win? [is hit in the head with the can, and falls over] Butt-head: [laughs] That was cool.
Beavis: What do we do now? Butt-head: Uh...we could do homework.
[both get up and leave] Stewart: [not realizing they have left] We could go to my house. I have this awesome new video game.
repeated line Beavis: Damn, we're/you're smooth.
Butt-head: [choking] Beavis? Beavis: Yea Butt-Head? Butt-head: I'm..[gasps]..I'm.. [gasps again] I'm Beavis: Agh, I hate this stupid game. [Butt-Head grabs Beavis's throat] AGH AHG!. Uhh choking, your choking?
Butt-Head knods and points to the box of chicken nuggets on the couch. Beavis: Uh chicken? Your choking your chicken?
Butt-head knods Bevis: So what do you want me to do about it?
Butt-head: [choking] Beavis! Beavis! I'm choking! Beavis: Yeah, so. What do you want me to do about it? Butt-head: Call 911! Beavis: Why don't you call? You're closer. Butt-head: You're closer, dumb-ass. Beavis: Oh, yeah.
911 Operator: What's the emergency, sir?
Boy's playing basketball: (to a boy taking a foul shot) CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE,CHOKE Beavis: (joining in) Yea, Yea, CHOKE!, CHOKE!!! (remeberring Butt-Head is choking) Uhh... nachos, yea nachos.
Todd: Get the door, you turds. And remember: act dumb. Oh, and bring some of those marshmallow crackers next time, or I'll stomp a mudhole in your ass!
[The boys look at the two police officers at their doorstep via the peephole] Butt-head: Whoa. Todd's even cooler than we thought.
[Butt-head opens the door] Police Officer #1: We're looking for a person named Todd. Beavis: Uh, he's not here. Uh huh huh. Police Officer #1: That's not what I heard from. Butt-head: Uh, sirs. I'm afraid I have to kick your ass. Huh huh. Beavis: And I will kick you in the nads.
[The police officers drag the boys out of the door and arrested them] Butt-head: Ow! Cut it out! Don't make me kick your ass! Beavis: Don't make me kick you in the nads!
Butthead: Huh huh....Number 1... Beavis: Yea yea yea...tinkle tinkle tinkle! Stewart: Socko's great. Butt-head: Uh,huh,huh,huh... Socko has a hand up his butt. Beavis: Heh,heh,heh,heh, yeah,heh,heh,heh.
Butt-head [whilst sat on the photocopier]: Would you like a copy of my butt?
Butt-head: Do have any big dogs? Zookeeper: Wild animals only. Butt-head: Uh, do have any woodpeckers? Huh huh huh. Woodpeckers.
[Furiously, the shopper slapped the security guard in the face] Female shopper: Ugh! White trash, lousy officer, piece of... [sighs in disgust and walks away]
[The security guard began to laugh stupidly as Beavis and Butt-head laughs with him] Butt-head: Security is cool.
Butt-head: Hey, we could do that so that we could get bigger thingies. Beavis: [looks down his shirt] Mine are big enough already. Heh, it's not worth the risk. Butt-head: Not bigger boobs, dumbass, like we could get bigger wieners.
Butt-head: We're gonna need bigger hands.
Butt-head: Dammit Beavis, put that away. You're not supposed to have your penis out while you're cooking. Beavis: Oh...oh yeah. [angry customer drives away] Butt-head: Err, can I take your order?
Butt-head: Uhh...what seems to be the problem there, Beavis? Beavis: My thingie itches. It's like the wrong color or something...check it out. Butt-head: Uhh...no thanks, Beavis. Beavis: (continuing to scratch his pubic area) Ow, rrr, ehh! Ahh!
Butt-head: Face it Beavis, you have a problem with your penis. Maybe you should wash it or something. Beavis:Yeah, I'll just...wait, with water? No way, then it'll get all wet. Butt-head: Life is hard, Beavis.
Beavis: Stewart's dad's dirty magazines. Butt-head: We've torn out all the pages with butts on them, but there's still plenty of good boobs left.
Butt-head Beavis, I have seen the top of the mountain, and it is good.
Bum: (to Butt-head) Do you have any spokisus?
[Next to the entrance] Butt-Head: Uhhh... uhhh... Buzzcut: Get out there before I drag you out!
[Beavis and Butt-Head get outside] Girl: Hey, look, it's Beavis and Butt-head!
Animal shelter worker: You do know what a dog like this eats? Butt-Head: Uhh...garbage.
Animal shelter worker: If your dog goes to the bathroom in the house, what do you do? Beavis: (Fending off the dog in the backround) Rub his nose in it. Butt-head: Uhh...I'd kick his ass. Beavis: Rub his nose in it, then kick his ass.
TV voiceover: You're watching PBS. Butt-head: He said "BS". Beavis: But first he said "P".
[Both look in amazement at the documentary, and the lightning outside] Butt-head: Get the kite, Beavis.
[Beavis dreams that he's on Kung Fu] Beavis: But master, does not the fire needs water too? Does not the mountain needs the storm? Does not your scrotum needs kicking?
[Butt-head dreams that he's on Star Trek: The Next Generation] Butthead: Number 1, I order you to take a Number Two. Beavis: Aye-aye, Captain.
[Butt-head dreams he's on The Oprah Winfrey Show, surrounded by women, with the headline "Butt-head: Sleeps With Chicks"] Oprah: Butt-head, you've slept with over 5,000 women. How do you explain the attraction to you? Butt-head: Uh...just look at me!
Buzzcut: All right, losers: remember, you're competing against other classes, and I'll be damned if my class is gonna lose!
Butt-head: Uh, our school's making us sell candy. Beavis:Yeah, we're losers. Mr. Anderson: What in the hell kind of sales approach is that? You boys couldn't sell a dollar for 50 cents.
Butt-head: Hey let's like, draw more people getting killed. That way we can make a total massacre. Beavis: Yeah, MASSACRE! MASSACRE!
Beavis: So like, in animation you have to draw tons of dead people just to end up with two dead people?! Butt-head: Animation sucks!
Woman in store: [to her pregnant friend] Girl, I can't believe you went and got yourself pregnant. Beavis: You can get yourself pregnant?! AAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH! [takes pregnancy test from woman] Gimme one of those!
Butt-head: What's up with you, Beavis? You look like you're pregnant. Beavis: AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!
Beavis: The chick said it changes colour if your pregnant so, [reads French instructions] Esay la Peesee la Pregwa... Okay [tries sticking the test tube in his belly button] Maybe it goes in here...
[afterwards] Beavis: [mutters] It better not change color. [whizzes in pregnancy test tube] It turned yellow! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Woman On TV: It couldn't be morning sickness. What about these cravings? Oh my God! I better NOT be PREGNANT!! Jake! Get me some nachos!
Beavis: This music sucks! Butt-head: Yeah... I wonder when the bride chick's gonna be here...
Butt-head: Screaming rules!
[Tom Anderson has dialed for Police.] Mr. Anderson: Hello police. This here is Tom Anderson, 4120 Woodrow Court. There's two hoodlums who came by my doorstep and started screaming bloody murder. Hell, I don't know if they're armed.
Bum: What's the best city in the world? Generocity!
[Beavis and Butt-head are walking, until they see a woman stood outside a beatnik club.] Butt-Head: Whoa, check it out. Beavis: Yeah. Female beatnik: "Your touch me, I shiver Your tongue, I quiver My loins, my liver I, the taker; you, the giver"
Butt-head: Whoa. I've got something to give her. Beavis: Yeah. Female beatnik: Did you like my poem? Butt-Head: Uh...your what? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Your loins, your liver! Female beatnik: There's plenty more inside. Butt-Head: Cool.
[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh as they step inside.] [Beavis and Butt-Head are watching a beatnik perform on stage.] Omar: "And then, my friend, you die. [louder] And then, my friend, you die, man! And then... [gasps] ...my friend."
[scattered applause] Butt-Head: Groove with me, people. [chuckles] This is gonna be cool.
[audience groans] Butt-Head: And then, my friend, you die. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! You die! [pounds table] Butt-Head: That was cool.
Mr. Van Driessen: Being in the captivity of nature without women is the perfect way to wrestle with your manhood. Butt-head: Beavis wrestles with his manhood. Beavis: Yeah, heh, I usually win.
Butt-head: [bangs the drum] This sucks. [bangs it again] Uh....this sucks. [bangs it some more] This sucks.
Mr. Van Driessen: Now Beavis, try and get in touch with your inner male. Beavis: Heheh, no way! Not with a bunch of dudes watching!
Butt-Head: Whoa, the cops are here. Maybe they're gonna shoot somebody.
[The two head to the back of the gas station to break the bottle, but they soon see a tyre] Butt-head: Whoa! Poop Poop. That's the biggest tire I ever saw.
[Beavis' ride in the tire causes not only a car crash, but also makes Todd spill a small drop of beer onto his jeans] Todd: Aw, Dammit! My good jeans.
[Beavis then hits a car on cinder blocks,owned by a redneck couple, killing the man underneath. Butt-head soon follows up] Redneck Woman: HEY! IF YOU STEP ON MY PROPERTY AGAIN, I'LL SHOOT YOUR ASS!
[Todd arrives at the parking lot where he is about to attack Beavis for making him spill beer on his jeans.] Todd: You pre-schoolers are dead! You made me spill beer all over my jeans! Butt-head: Do you want me to kick Beavis' ass for you? Todd: That won't be necessary, man.
Spelling: Butt-head, perhaps you see a part of yourself in Michael. Butt-head: Yeah, my butt. Spelling: And Beavis, is that what you feel? Butt-head: Beavis feels himself. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! Heh, I'll kick your ass!
Butt-head: [thinking] You will get the chick across from you. You will see her thingies. It is going to be cool.
Beavis: I was like, AGHH!! MY LEG!! Uh I mean, AGHH!! MY NECK!!!
Girl 2: We'll take you for a ride.
Mr. Buzzcut: For today's positive activity you're gonna wash my wagoneer! Patsy: Umm, that's not what my dad said we're gonna do. Mr. Buzzcut: Your dad's not here, boy! And for the tenth time, if you don't shut up, I'm gonna positively kill you!
Butt-Head: Heh heh heh heh, "wood." Beavis: Heh heh, "boner!"
Butt-head:[About the place where the guy killed his brother]It was your idea in the first place, buttknocker. Beavis:Hey don't call me "buttknocker" butt-head.
Beavis:[To a criminal about butt-head]He keeps calling me "buttknocker" & he won't stop & IT PISSE ME OFF!!!
Later... Butt-head:[Pointing to beavis]There he is,The buttknocker in the middle.
[Tommy, the student who's consumed the Spanish Fly, has got a scared Beavis in a wrestling position] Beavis: AHHHHHHHHHH!!! HE'S GOT A BONER!!!! Butt-head: Kick him in the nads, Beavis.
[Beavis delivers a low blow to Tommy] Buzzcut [Whilst tending to Tommy]: Beavis, get back here! Beavis: Let's get outta here before he screws us all!
Van Driessen: I think YOU'RE sexually harassing Kimberly. Beavis: No way! Chicks can't get stiffies!
Butt-Head: Let's write big butt on the chalkboard.
[Beavis and Butt-head are about to deface the blackboard when they see the words, "FIELD TRIP TODAY"] Butt-head: Wait, it's trying to tell us something. [Begins to read] "Feel"..."Tit"...err..."Tripe"..."Todd"...
[Suddenly...] Beavis and Butt-head [running out of school to the bus]: Stop the bus! Dammit, stop the bus! Butt-head: Whoa! That was close! Beavis [to Van Driessen]: Yeah, next time tell us, butthole.
Butt-Head: I've got a rock formation in my pants.
[Van Driessen has got his guitar ready and asks the students for song requests] Dean: Like, 99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall? Van Driessen: Good, Dean. But beer and driving don't mix. How about 99 Bottles of Tea on the Wall. Or we could try some other arrangement.
Cars behind the bus are honking their horns. Van Driessen: Hey, why's everybody honking? Beavis [Whilst mooning at other cars]: Peek-a-boo!
[After Van Driessen flies through the bus's windshield and off a cliff] Butt-head: Whoa! That was cool! Beavis: Yeah!
Butt-head: Some day, we're gonna have wheels just like Todd. Beavis: Yeah, then we can, like, drive chicks to school. Butt-head: You dumbass! If we ever get a car and chicks, we're not going anywhere near a school.
Bill: You are going to pay for this Anderson
Mr. Anderson: Like hell I am, you're the one who told me to rent from Morgan's. Now, get the hell off my property you son of a bitch! And if I ever see that damn dog of yours peeing on my lawn again, I'm gonna shoot both of you!
Beavis: My report, is on the time, me and Butt-Head had like, dinner and stuff. Mr. Van Driessen: Now Beavis, what does that have to do with American hist - Beavis: [angrily] Shut up, I'm not done yet!
Mr. Van Driessen: Now Butt-Head, please make your report about a figure in American history. Butt-Head: Uhh. Okay. Uhh, my report is, uhh, my report is about the time I kicked Beavis in the nads and he was, like, passed out all day.
Insert speaker's name:=== Feel a Cop ===
'Butt-:Head':::Insert speaker's name:::Insert speaker's name:yuiy78yhhiffuygyg::: huh-huh-huh. me sohorny
Beavis and Butt-head walk up to a female police officer who is posing as a prostitute. Butt-head: Hey baby... So like how much. Officer: Fifty Butt-head: Cool, Beavis, do you have fifty cents?
Cops are listening in on Beavis and Butt-head from a van outside. Beavis: (on the radio) Wow Butt-head check out the size of that rubber. Cop: Come on make a spacific offer for sex. Butt-head: (on the radio) That's a shower cap dumbass.
[Beavis and Butt-head are watching Mr. Van Driessen and his girlfriend through the window] Butt-head: Grab his schlong!
Butt-head: I'll trade you for these diapers. You can poop in them. Butt-Head: You're not suppose to touch him, Beavis. It's like against the law or something...
Stewart's Mom: It's not like Stewart to miss lunch! Beavis: I bet. He's fat.
Butt-head: Maybe he has diarrhea. Stewart's Mom: [crying] He does NOT have diarrhea. I'm his mother, I would know if he had diarrhea.
Stewart's Mom: My poor Stewart! What could have happened to him? Beavis: um...Maybe somebody killed him and burried him in a shallow grave. [Stewart's mom sobs louder] Um...what's the matter?
Butt-Head [reading the phone book] Uhm... Sa-Sachz.... Ha...rry... Hairy Sack [Laughs] Beavis HAIRY SACK! [Laughs]
Harry [answering his phone] um...Hello...? Beavis uh...uh...YOU SUCK! [toilet flushes]
Harry [answering the phone] Yeah? [Butt-Head manages to do number two whilst on the phone]
[toilet flushes] Beavis [in the background]: It's Harry Sachz!!!
[Butt-head hangs up, then Harry Sachz does and breaks his pencil while laughing] [Stewart is playing a video game in the living room, when his mother brings him cookies.] Mrs. Stevenson: Care for some cookies, Stewart? Stewart: All right! Thanks, Mom.
[Harry lunges at Mr. Stevenson and pulls him by the ankles.] Mr. Stevenson: Hey, this is between you and Stewart. Get him! Ahh! Please!
Customer: I want a bacon cheeseburger with extra mayo, a want a large chocolate shake, two orders of onion rings, an apple pie, and a diet cola. Beavis: You said 'pie.' That's funny, right?
[The pair arrive at Mr. Anderson's yard sale] Mr. Anderson: I can get you a real good deal on that bushwhacker. [Beavis and Butt-head start laughing] Butt-head: Bush. Beavis: Whacker.
[The pair receive a letter that's supposed to be for their parents] Beavis: Maybe we can suggest that school sucks. SUCKS! SUCKS! Butt-head: Or maybe we can suggest that we can get a teacher that's cool.
Mr. Van Driessen: Okay, class. I'm very disappointed with your test scores. Butt-head: We scored.
[Mr. Anderson has just given the pair a shopping list] Butt-head: Would you like some toilet paper? Beavis [in the style of Cornholio]: TP, for your bunghole!
At Burger World Butt-head: [eating a burger] Huh huh huh. Hey, Beavis, how's that new soda? Beavis: Mmm, mh heh, it's pretty good.
Immigration Officer: Hey, you! ¿Habla español? Cornholio: Español? Es-bunghole!
Cornholio: You must feed the almighty bunghole!
Officer: I'm with immigration, and if you don't show me some proof of residency I'm gonna have to take you with Cornholio: You can take me, but you cannot take my bunghole!
Cornholio: [arriving Mexico] Aaahh, is this Nicaragua? I will take this land for my bunghole! Long live the almighty bunghole! Cornholio: [going to Mexico] I'm the great Cornholio. There will be TP for everyman. No man should be without TP.
[The family living there just arrives their house.] Family guy: God, it's good to be back home huh again? What a trip! Beavis: Hey Butt-head, they weren't even home. Butt-head: That sucks!
[Butt-head goes out and rings the door bell.] Beavis: Who do that? Hello, dammit! Nobody here, dammit! Bunghole! Ooh yeah, that worked pretty good, yeah.
Butthead: [trying to pronounce "symptoms"] Sym-sym-Simpsons? Uh, they're pretty cool.
[after Butt-head tosses a baby bird into the air] Beavis: Hey, Butt-head, you "flipped the bird." heh heh.
Beavis: [in Cornholio's voice] Do you have any tsetse flies? Hehe. Teetsie!
Nurse: Here's a prescription for some special shampoo and cream for skin irritation. Butt-head: [laughs] She said foreskin. Beavis: Yeah. Foreskin irritation.
Butt-head: Welcome to the future: here is your free porn.
Beavis [upon noticing that he's got a nosebleed]: No! I'm bleeding! I'm bleeding!
Butthead [with the string tied to the door and to Beavis's stomach] (laughs and closes the door) Beavis AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Blood goes all over the room]
Butt-head goes up to a woman coming out of a gas station rest-room. Butt-head: So here's a quarter. Could you like get one of those things, you put in your thing, when you got your thing.
Woman punches Butt-head. Butt-head: Beware the long arm of Butt-head. Beavis: Beware the long wiener of Beavis!
Beavis: Some day I'd like to be like that. Ya know, a kid finds a dead bird, ya give him 20 bucks for it. Now that's cool.
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, I don't know why, but this is giving me a stiffy. Butt-head: Uhhhh, maybe that's why they call it 'woodshop'.
Butt-head: [Handing Beavis's severed finger to the nurse] Hey Beavis. I'm giving her the finger.
[After seeing a commercial about a book 'Seize the Power'] Butt-head: Hey Beavis....seize my weiner.
Buzzcut: Beavis! Beavis: AAAAH! [Scared] Buzzcut: DAMMIT YOU WILL LISTEN WHEN I'M TALKIN'!!! Beavis: No way! I'm sick of school and I'm sick of you! Buzzcut: WHAT?!?! YOU GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!!! I'LL SEE YOU IN DETENTION!!! Beavis: OK, cool.
Butt-Head: Now we need to get some of that bug spray. Beavis: Bug spray? Butt-Head: Yeah, when it lands on the garbage, we'll like, spray poison on it, then it's gonna puke all over itself and die!
Butt-head: (pulling trash can into house) So, all we need to do is... (turns around and sees Beavis taking a dump in the living room) UHHHH! BEAVIS, WHAT THE HELL ARE DOING!? Beavis: (getting up) You said flies like to eat garbage and crap.
Beavis: Look, Butt-Head. (pulls out the hedgetrimmer) Say hello to my little friend!
Burger World Manager: You don't get workers compensation for fighting, it has to be an accident. Beavis: You mean we, like, need to poop in our pants?
Todd: So, Beaver... Beavis: The name's Beavis, sir. Todd: Well excuse me, Beaver.
Mrs. Steveson: Now dear, don't you think you should go to work today? Butt-head: Uh, no. [rubs her arm]
Todd: Now get in there and get me some smokes. Beavis: Are you sure I should be doing this? Todd: What did you say? Beavis: I said are you
[Todd revs the car so the rest of the words aren't heard] Todd: Listen squirt, you better get in there and get me some smokes before today's lesson turns into Ass-kicking 101.
Store Owner: Well hey there Master Cleaver, aren't you supposed to be in school? Beavis: Well, I guess so, b-but all I know is I'm sposed to come in here and buy some cigarettes. Store Owner: Hey, you wouldn't be buying these for Eddy now would ya? Beavis: ...Gee, how'd you know?
Butt-head: Woah. What happened, uh, son? Todd: It seems that little Beaver here ran afoul of some asphalt. Butt-head: Uh huh huh....asphalt.
Mrs. Stevenson: Aren't you being a little hard on the Beavis? Butt-head: Huh huh huh, hard. Huhuhuhuh, on.
Butt-head: Uh, is this the hostipal? Guy:Can I help you? Butt-head: You can tell me if this is a damn hostipal. Guy: Yes, and what's your problem? Butt-head: [looks at Beavis] He's the one with the problem. Look at him. Beavis: [scared] My butt HURTS!!
Guy: We got a crispy critter! [Beavis whimpering] Butt-head: [chuckling] "Crispy critter".
Beavis: [horrified and panicking] I'LL NEVER POOP AGAIN!!!
[Butt-Head as Paul Revere riding into town] Butt-Head: Uhh, the Yiddish are coming! The Yiddish are coming!
The phone begins to ring. Beavis: Um, hey, Butt-head, I think the phone is ringing. Butt-head: Yeah, well make it stop.
Beavis goes to the phone and answers it. Beavis: Um...who are you? McVicker's secretary: This is Highland High calling. We're trying to figure out why Beavis and Butt-head haven't been in school for the past three weeks. Beavis: Oh. Um...yeah, they're dead.
[Principal McVicker struggles with Beavis and Butthead. He then sees the memories of the boys' antics and soon has a heart attack] Beavis: Whoa! A dead body! Check it out! Coach Buzzcut: Give the man some air! He's not dead yet!
[more reactions from the girls in the theater] Butt-head: How come everyone whispers in these movies? Beavis: They're probably embarrassed. What do you think? Girls: Shhh! Shut up! 'Beavis: Oh sorry. Sorry.
Butt-Head: [infected with a string of diseases] Being a werewolf hurts my bones...
[after Beavis has sniffed an onion] Butt-head: Whoa! You're crying! Beavis: What, no I'm not! Butt-head: You're crying like a girl! Beavis: No way! I am not! Dammit! Butt-head: You're moved. Beavis: I am not moved! Shut up! I don't know what it is. Butt-head: This is amazing!
Woman on Phone: How do you turn on the frickin' Auto-Complete feature because every time I try to sign on to the frickin' Internet Beavis: (working for tech-support) Heh... do you have any matches? Try setting it on.... fffffffire!
Butt-Head: (working for tech-support) Uhh, ma'am, can you say trackball again? Woman: Track...ball...
Butt-head: Whoa! Are these video games? Beavis: Cool! Me first! Me first!
Beavis Hey Butt-Head...These sheets smell funny Butt-Head uh-huh-huh-huh, These are my special monkey-sheets
Tom Anderson: Now what in the hell are you two boys supposed to be? Beavis: I'm a nad. Butt-head: I'm a dumbass. Check it out. Uh huh huh huh. Uh huh huh. Uhuhuhuhuhuh.
[telephone rings] Tom Anderson: Now hold on just a second. [picks up phone] Well John Thomas! How long's it been? You still got Dick's number?
Butt-head: That's how we roll through the Century 21 Branch Office. Beavis: Biatch! Yeah, take that! Their walls aren't clean now!
Beavis: Whoa, check it out! It's Paula Abdula! Butt-head: Yeah. This is like, every outfit she's ever had in a video. Beavis: Oh yeah.
Beavis: I've had enough of this crap. I'm gonna go to the kitchen. [leaves again] Butt-head: Hey Beavis, get back in here! I just saw something cool! Whoa, Beavis, get back in her! Her pants are hiked up her butt! Beavis: Where? Where?! Butt-head: Dumbass!
Beavis: That drummer is old. Butthead: Shut up, fart knocker, he's cool!
Beavis: Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap! Butthead: Sing it Beavis!
Butthead: Hey Beavis, you ever done a dirty deed? Beavis: Yeah. I spanked my monkey one time.
Butthead: THese guys always wear the same clothes. That's cool. Hey, we always wear the same clothes! I've had this shirt on for six months! Beavis: I've had this on for seven months.
Butt-head: Wait a minute! What's this? This sucks! Beavis: Yeah, it sucks!
Butt-head: Who's this? Beavis: Yeah! Butt-head: What's this buttmunch doing on a stage?
Butt-head: You got a backstage pass, sir? Beavis: Yeah! [Imitates the lead singer's German accent]
Butt-head: Where did this guy come from? Beavis: Yeah. Maybe he's just special. Butt-head: Yeah!
Butt-head: Look! It's Krokus coming to kick their ass. It's The Night of the Living Bands That Suck.
Butt-head: This is cool. Beavis: Yeah. It rules. It rules. IT RULES!!! Butt-head: Right on, Beavis.
Butt-head: These guys are cool. Beavis: Yeah. It kicks butt! It kicks ass! It kicks ass! Butt-head: Rock on, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Rock!
Butt-head: Uhh! Beavis: Ahh! Butt-head: Whoa, his eyes are sewn shut. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! He must have seen something so horrible, like, his eyeballs melted. Butt-head: Maybe he saw that Winger video. Beavis: Yeah, yeah!
Tori Amos: I wanna spit in their faces... Butt-head: She's gonna spit on someone? Beavis: Yeah! Go for it! Butt-head: That would be pretty cool.
Tori Amos: I got a bowling ball in my stomach, I got a desert in my mouth... Butt-head: Is that Dave Mustaine? Beavis: Yeah. [imitating Dave Mustaine] I'VE GOT A BOWLING BALL IN MY STOMACH, I GOT A DESERT IN MY MOUTH! Butt-head: That was pretty good, Beavis.
Butt-head: Is this like, a commercial for VH1? Beavis: Yeah. "The difference between you and your parents". Butt-head: That's stupid.
Butt-head: The army kicks ass. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. Is Anthrax in the army? Butt-head: Uh, I think that Scott dude is in the army. Beavis: Yeah, he has a regulation cut. Like Major Dan. Butt-head: Yeah: "Today's army rocks".
Beavis: Yes, bombs! Hey Butt-head, wouldn't that be cool if like, one day we were like, going to school and a bunch of planes dropped a bunch of bombs? Butt-head: You dumbass. Bombs would like, hurt and stuff. It's only cool when they drop 'em on CNN.
Beavis: Is this Wilson Phillips? Butt-head: Yeah. This is back when they were cool.
[Singing along with group] Beavis: I'm your Beavis! Butt-head: I'm your Venus...um, hey Beavis, what rhymes with "Venus"? Beavis: Um...um...venus...Venus Flytrap.
Butt-head: These chicks should marry GWAR. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! That would be cool! Butt-head: They would have offspring that would be the coolest people ever lived. Beavis: Yeah! And they would rule Antarctica. Butt-head: They would rule the entire world.
[A singer is dressed in a leather devil costume] Butt-head: Whoa! Satan's got back!
[Phil Collins is seen playing the drums] Butt-head: What a dork! Beavis: Yeah, yeah, really!
Butt-head: Oh, I know what this is! This is one of those things where a bunch of rich people get together and ask for money. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, it's one of those things.
Butt-head: I heard these girls bang elves. Hey Beavis, would you bangle her? Beavis: Yeah!
Beavis: See, see right here during this part, they should be playing some like, uh, some old timey piano music, you know. :[Imitates music]
Butt-head: His kid's probably like "uh... where's daddy with my birthday presents?" He's drunk at the mall again, flailing around on the escalator.
Beavis: Yeah, yeah, yeah, the Beastie Boys! Yeah! Alright! Butt-head: Yeah. It's about time. Beavis: HELL YEAH! HELL YEAH!
Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Yeah, yeah, here it is! Butt-head: It's about time! Beavis: It's on, Butt-head, it's on! Butt-head: Okay, Beavis, now shut up! Beavis: Okay. I'm just gonna shut my mouth and watch. [hums the main riff]
["The Chief" kicks through a steel gate] Beavis: YEAH!!! Check this part out. Yeah, they're gonna kick some ass now! Butt-head: Beavis, you said you were gonna shut up. Beavis: Oh sorry. I'm just gonna shut up and listen. [Cochese kicks a concrete wall] Yeah, yeah, kick it!
[two of the cops are dressed as a chef and a bellhop] Beavis: Whoa, check this out! See, he's coming in, he's delivering room service... Butt-head: [interrupting] Dammit Beavis! [slaps Beavis] Beavis: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I forgot. Yeah, this is exciting! Yeah, yeah.
Beavis: Whoa, what's that noise? Butt-head: It's Satan, dumbass. [imitates warbled tape] Beavis: Yeah, heh, that's cool.
Beck: Tonight the city is full of morgues... Butt-head: Tonight, the city's full of whores? Beavis: I wish our city was full of whores. That'd be pretty cool. Butt-head: Uh...yeah, I guess that would be pretty cool.
[Beck is wearing a shirt that says "Rock Me"] Butt-head: Check it out Beavis, his shirt says "Kick me". Beavis: Maybe someone will kick him in the nads. Butt-head: That would be cool. Beavis: Yeah, kick him.
[seeing a policeman run into a house] Beavis: Ten Six Niner, Ten Six Niner, we got whores in the city! We need back up now! Come on!
Butt-head: Whoa! Is this the Black Crowes? Beavis: Yeah! Butt-head: Wait a minute, this isn't Black Crowes. This is cool. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! These guys are cool!
Butt-head: Hey Beavis, who are these guys? Beavis: Uhhhhh, ummmm, I think they just went on tour with Anthrax and White Zombie. Butt-head: Oh yeah. They're cool.
Butt-head: Whoa! That dude can scream for a long time. Beavis: No way, that's nothing! Check this out. [Beavis screams without stopping for the remainder of the video] Butt-head: Shut up!
Butt-head: Uh...this is boring. Beavis: Yeah, really! It's boring enough to watch this, and then they're bored doing it; maybe next time, they'll learn to rock!
[Biz Markie is dressed as Mozart and playing the harpsichord] Butt-head: He's dressed up like that dude on the dollar.
Butt-head: Hey Beavis, I'm gonna get me one of those gold chains to put around my neck Beavis: Me too. Butt-head: I would look pretty cool, huh?
Beavis: Butt-head, do you think I could make some like money if I acted like a weird chick. Butt-head: I think you have to be like from England or something. Beavis: Dammit.
Butt-head: Whoa, she's grabbing her crotch! Beavis: Oh yeah. Butt-head, I though chicks didn't have a crotch. Butt-head: No, dumbass. You're thinking of nads Beavis: No, I'm thinking of the crotch actually. But, some girls have a crotch? I'll be damned.
Beavis: Whoa! Check out that chick's panties! Butt-head: Damn it, Beavis! Don't talk to me when a chick's panties are on TV. It's like...you mess up my mind, and I can't see the panties right.
Beavis: Whoa, that guy's touching his wiener!!! Butt-head: So? You are too! Beavis: Yeah! Oh, oh yeah! But that's different. Butt-head: What's different about it? Beavis: Um, it's a different wiener! Butt-head: Yeah, it's probably bigger too.
Butt-head: This is a happy little tune. Beavis: Can you change the channel, Butt-head?
Butt-head: How come all these dudes have to put an ice cream truck in their video? Beavis: I don't know. I guess it's like...whoa, whoa, slap him!
Man in video: Michael, are you crazy? Butt-head: Uh, Michael who? Beavis: Michael Jackson?
Beavis: AAGH! Butt-head: UUGH! Beavis: NO! Butt-head: Check this out! What a wuss!
[seeing Jon Bon Jovi] Butt-head: Is that Bridget Fonda? Beavis: Yeah! Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her Honda! My anaconda don't want none unless it's got buns, hun!
Beavis: [Referring to Edie, who is squatting] She's pinching a loaf. Butt-head: That's disgusting!
Butt-head: She's married to that short, old guy. Beavis: Oh yeah. That guy from Africa that used to be in The Beatles.
Edie Brickell: What I am is what I am... Butt-head: "What I am." Didn't Popeye say that? Beavis: Yeah! They ripped this off from Popeye.
Butt-head: Uh, these dudes look too old to be trick or treating. Beavis: Maybe they were like, um, you know how sometimes the kids' dads gets dressed up too? Butt-head: Yeah, dads. Beavis: Or uh, nads.
Beavis: I like when girls fight, 'cause they're like "She called me a bitch, and I said you're a slut, well we'll go outside and see who the slut is, bitch!" Butt-head: Settle down, Beavis.
Butt-head: Uhh...who's this? Beavis: This is Buk-a-hey! Butt-head: Uhh, okay.
Beavis: Whoa, check it out, he's sleeping with a pig! Butt-head: Yeah, so what, Beavis? Beavis: I'm just trying to make conversation! Bunghole! Butt-head: Well why don't you make it somewhere else, bungwipe?
Butt-head: What's all that crap she's holding? Beavis: I don't know. Maybe they're like tools or something. Butt-head: ...tools?
Beavis: Hey check out those guys! Butt-head: Oh yeah. Mr. Bungholio and his twirling fartknockers. Beavis: Yeah. It's like someone said, "Okay, this sucks. I think it's time to bring out Mr. Bungholio and his twirling buttknockers." Butt-head: Uh...that's fartknocker, Beavis.
Butt-head: I wish this chick would just quit whining. Beavis: Um...you know, you could change the channel, Butt-head. Butt-head: I shouldn't have to do that. She should just shut up. She's the one who sucks.
Beavis: [singing] Ever since I was a young boy, I've played the silver ball!
Butt-Head: Uh, do you know what "Cage the Elephant" means? Beavis: Oh yeah, like um, choking your chicken? Butt-Head: Beavis, you think everything means that! But uh, in this case, it does.
[laughing and a shot of a very content face is shown] Beavis: Whoa! That guy just caged his elephant!
Butt-head: What's this? This is pretty cool. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Who are these guys? Butt-head: They look kinda like turds! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Turds are cool!
[a group of camels are shown] Butt-head: Whoa! Those giraffes are pretty cool! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! I like the turds better though. Butt-head: Would you feel bad about flushing a talking turd? Beavis: No way! I'd say: "Drown you fecal matter!"
Butthead: [immitating the singer's growl] OAAAA! DAAAAUUUUGH! Yeah. It's like, everybody sings like this now.
Beavis: WHoa, look at their hair, Butthead! It reminds me of like those pom poms, at like pep rallies. Butthead: You go to pep rallies? Beavis: Yeah. You know, sometimes I go just to check out the butts.
Butthead: If these guys practiced their instruments, as much as they practiced shaking their hair around, they'd be like pretty good, probably. Beavis: I don't know, they'd probably still suck, probably. But you know maybe that's just me, I don't know.
[the band members have long blonde hair] Beavis: Whoa, check it out, it's Cousin Itt! Butt-head: Yeah. Beavis: [jabbers like Cousin Itt]
Butt-head: Uh...who is this dude? He looks familiar. Beavis: Oh yeah! That's um, um, uh, what's his name, uh...Captain Kangaroo! Butt-head: Captain what? Beavis: You know, Captain Kangaroo! With Mr. Green Jeans and Magic Drawing Board. You know.
Beavis: Um...what kind of music is this? Butt-head: Uh...I think this is like some kinda gangsta rap.
Butt-head: I bet this dude scores a lot because like, he wears black. Beavis: Plus, he's like, old.
Butt-head: Whoa! He's just like, walking around in his underwear! Beavis: Yeah, yeah and he's having popcorn for breakfast, that's pretty cool!
Beavis: Butt-head, you think he has morning wood? Butt-head: Yeah. He's got a breakfast burrito. Beavis: Yeah. [[Imitates Mexican accent] And a chimichanga! A chimichanga!
Beavis: These guys are in a trash can. Butt-head: Yeah. Somebody probably threw them in the garbage.
Butt-head: Who are these guys? Beavis: Um...I think it's the Village People. Butt-head: Uh...oh yeah. Beavis: Well I'll be hornswoggled and dipped in turds!
Butt-head: This is that group with George Michael, and Kenny G., and Snow. Beavis: It's a superSUCKgroup!
Butt-head: Oh no. Beavis: Oh God. Here we go again with another crappy suck video. Butt-head: Here we go again. Beavis: This sucks! Butt-head: [Imitating lead singer] UHUHUHUHUHUHUH!
Beavis: Oh God. Butt-head: What the hell is the problem with this crap? Beavis: This sucks. Butt-head: [Sees a note that says Don't try to follow] Yeah, I think that's what that note said.
[The lead singer hides herself in a coffin] Butt-head: She sucks so bad, they locked her in a box. You know who else ought to do a concert inside of a box? Nelson. Beavis: Yeah, Bon Jovi.
Beavis: Um...water! Wa-ter! Butt-head: Yep, there's some water.
Michelle Pfeiffer: You wanna tell me what this is all about? Butt-head: You wanna tell me what this is all about? Beavis: The reason I brought you here, is I wanna do you.
Beavis: You know, a while ago when Coolio said "I see myself in the pistol smoke", he stole that from Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Butt-head: How many fat dudes are there in this band? Beavis: Um, uhhhhhhhh, well, there's at least, um, two. Butt-head: Yeah. They need to get a big, fat drummer. Beavis: Yeah, really. And like, just a couple big, fat dudes dancing around would be cool too.
Butt-head: He's having trouble defecating. Kirk Windstein: OOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! (OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!) Beavis: Uh, not anymore. Butt-head: He just took a dump!
Beavis: Whoa, it's Crowbar! Butt-head: Oh yeah. They're always taking a dump.
Kirk Windstein: I give my heart and soul to you! Butt-head: Whoa! He said he gave his heart and soul to some chick. Beavis: That must have been like...at least 50 pounds of meat.
Butt-head: I think this is, like, a love song. Beavis: Yeah. It is a love song so divine.
Butt-head: Did you see that guy? Beavis: Yeah, really. Butt-head: Must be his first concert. Beavis: His mom's waiting outside in the stationwagon. Butt-head: She said, "Okay, now what time's the concert gonna be over?" Beavis: What a wuss!
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, I think I saw these guys at Chuck E. Cheese's Butt-head: Oh yeah! They sucked. Beavis: I kept banging on the glass and saying "STOP IT! STOP IT! STOP IT!" Butt-head: Oh yeah, then you got your butt kicked. Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah. That was cool.
Beavis: (Imitating Robert Smith) Peter Piper picked a pickle of peckled peppers! Peter Piper Picked a pickled pecker! Butt-head: How come this guy always has to like, sing like, [wails] uhuuuhuuuuuuhhhhhh!
Butt-head: His lipstick's on crooked. Beavis: Yeah, he didn't do a very good job.
Butt-head: Ugh! Is this a joke? Beavis: Yeah. I think this is supposed to be funny.
[commenting on a small boy running] Butt-head: Hey, check it out, it's Jeremy. Beavis: He's still running. How come Jeremy's always hanging out in the woods? Butt-head: Uh, I don't know.
Butt-head: Look at this guy. Did I mention that this sucks? Beavis: Yeah, but it's like, you know, it can't hurt to say it again.
Beavis: Whoa, this looks pretty cool! Butt-head: Yeah, "The electrified forcefield has created the perfect being!" In the future, it's like, all turds will be perfectly round. Beavis: Yeah yeah, and they will go "plop!"
Beavis: Whoa, check out his eyes. Butt-head: Uhhh, you want black eyes like that? Beavis: Yeah, yeah, I think it would be cool! Butt-head: Okay. [starts smacking Beavis repeatedly]
Beavis: Um, heh, one thing about this video though, that's really cool and everything, but then it just stops! Like, just, out of nowhere. Butt-head: Uh-[the video ends]
Beavis: These guys are pretty cool, but, this lead singer looks like Patrick Swayze and he like- Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis, these guys are cool!
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, doesn't this song have another video? Butt-head: Yeah, this song is so good they had to do it twice.
Butt-head: I heard this dude could bench press, like, 140. Beavis: Whoa! That's pretty good. Maybe he'll be in the 200 Club someday.
Beavis: What's he doing? He was, like, shaking his hips back and forth like a little wussy. Butt-head: Yeah. That little dance isn't very cool.
Butt-head: Uh... is that deadmau5? Beavis: Oh yeah. He looks like Eminem without his mouse helmet. Butt-head: Yeah, really.
Butt-head: Did you hear it from Kurt Scrotur? Beavis: No, from Tabitha Sore-End. Get it? Sore end? Butt-head: I get it, Beavis. You're a dork. [Scoffs] You know the MTV News theme song.
Pos: Now I'm something like a phenomenon... Beavis: Phenomenon. Phenomenon, AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm something like a phenomenon. Butt-head: It's not very cool when you do it, Beavis.
Butt-head: You sound really stupid most of the time. You're like [imitates Beavis] "Yeah, yeah, it's pretty cool because...[incoherent gibberish]" Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head, I don't talk like that! I'm not gonna say anything. I'm just gonna be quiet. Ow! [coughs] Ow!
Butt-head: What the hell is this dude saying? He's like, saying "Fried egg, fried egg, fried egg," Beavis: Fried...[coughs]...fried egg, fried, [coughs] fried egg...
Beavis: Whoa, is that Ross Perot? Butt-head: Yeah. I think that's Ross Perot from a long time ago. Beavis: Oh yeah. [imitating Ross Perot] Folks, it's simple. When a problem comes along, you must whip it! Butt-head: He looks like some sort of bungsnoidial buttsnoid.
Beavis: You know the guy that comes out, and he goes "Twelve chocolate cakes", and then he, like, falls on his butt, and the cakes spill all over the place? That was pretty cool. Butt-head: Oh yeah. That was kinda cool.
Butt-head: CROTCH STUFFING! Beavis: Let's try that. Butt-head: Yeah, maybe we would get some. Beavis: Some what? Butt-head: Dude. Beavis: Nice organ lick. Butt-head: Organ lick?
Butt-head: These guys are hippies. Beavis: I hate hippies.
Butt-head: These are like sports bleepers. Beavis: Sports suck! Butt-head: This is like circus music. Beavis: Yeah, this sucks!
Beavis: Who is this chick? Butt-head: Uh...I don't know. She looks like some chick you'd see hanging out in K-Mart. Beavis: Um...I think I've seen this chick before. Butt-head: Yeah. She did Prince. Beavis: Oh, really? Well, at least that's something.
Butt-head: You know, they don't have to keep showing her face just because she's singing. Beavis: Yeah, really. Like, move down and show her butt or something. Butt-head: Yeah!
Butt-head: Look at this stupid stuff she keeps doing with her face. Beavis: Yeah. This chick is pretty dumb. Butt-head: Yeah, and she's probably a slut too.
Beavis: [as prisoners try to escape prison] Wow, they really hate this song. Butt-Head: These people would rather get shot than listen to him anymore.
Beavis: How come whenever you see a chick band, they're always looking down at their hands when they play? Butt-head: Maybe they're looking at their boobs; did you ever think of that? Beavis: Oh yeah. I guess I would look at my boobs too.
Butt-head: Check it out. That drummer dude is surrounded by a bunch of naked dudes.
Beavis: Is this a commercial? Butt-head: Yeah, it's a commercial for MTV's House of Butt.
Butt-head: Uh! This sucks! Beavis: Yeah! AAAAHHHH! It's like, it sucks! Butt-head: This is horrible. Beavis: Yeah, and it sucks too. Butt-head: Beavis, "sucks" isn't strong enough a word to describe this crap. Beavis: Yeah, it's like it sucks...a lot.
Beavis: Is this Boy George?! Butt-head: Yeah. He's all fat now. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! I heard he's like, trying to be manly now, and he's not gonna dress up like a chick anymore. Butt-head: He's a turd.
[Beavis and Butt-head scream once the video starts] Butt-head: Oh my God. Beavis: Oh, dear Lord! Butt-head: This sucks. Beavis: AAAH! Good God Almighty!
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, why are we watching this? Butt-head: Uhh...I dunno.
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, change it, come on, this sucks. Butt-head: Uh, let's just cool out for a minute, Beavis. Beavis: Ummmmmmmmmm.......
Butt-head: Hey Beavis, my uncle was over here, and he left a six-foot poop in the toilet, and he didn't flush. Beavis: Really? Butt-head: You should check it out. Beavis: Is it still there? Butt-head: Yeah. Beavis: Let me go have a look. [exits. Butt-head lies down on the couch.]
Mike Patton: I know it sounds funny but I just can't stand the pain... Burt-head: That doesn't sound funny.
Beavis: Oh no. Just look at this crap. It's, like, another one of those videos where you don't even remember it right after you saw it. Butt-head: You can't remember any videos right after you saw 'em, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah I can. That's how I know this is one of those videos.
Butt-head: I think this is a buzz clip. Beavis: You know, um, I always thought, y'know, like, a buzz clip, like, was where, um...y'know, like, they had something in the um...um...you know, where they, uh...[the pair resume sleeping]
[the video ends] Beavis: [yells] HEY MAN NICE SHOT!!! Butt-head: [disorientated] Uhuhhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh!!
Wayne Coyne: She'll make you breakfast/She'll make you toast... Beavis: He knows a chick who makes toast? So what? Butt-head: Yeah. I can make toast.
Butt-head: Uh-oh. I think this is college music. Beavis: Yeah. You can tell because that dude has orange hair. You can also tell it's college music because it's like...they're in a field. Butt-head: Yeah. Fields suck!
Butt-head: How come he keeps singing about these people that he knows? Who gives a rat's ass? Beavis: Yeah. [sings off-key] I KNOW A GUY!!! HIS HAIR IS ORANGE!!! HE SUCKS!!
Butt-head: Whoa! She's one of those grubby girls. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: She wants me. Beavis: Me too.
Samantha Fox: Sex was something I just had... Butt-head: Whoa! She just had sex? Beavis: Yeah! Butt-head: Why don't they show that? Beavis: Yeah! She said she just had sex. Butt-head: It wasn't with any of those guys.
Butt-head: If this video had some explosions, it would be the coolest video ever. Beavis: Yeah, and like, if the music was cool too. Butt-head: Oh yeah. And they'd have to have some like, better singing. Beavis: Yeah, and not those guys. Butt-head: Yeah. Then it would rule.
Butt-head: That lead singer, he's cool. He reminds me of my cousin. Beavis: Oh yeah. Which one? Butt-head: Uhh, you know...Richard Head?
Butt-head: This looks like that dude from, uhhh, from that movie, Smell of a Woman. Beavis: Oh yeah. Butt-head: You know, he was, like, blind and stuff. Beavis: Yeah, and he's like, "Hoowah! Hoowah! Hoowah!" He's a good actor.
Butt-head: Uh...he's drinking. Beavis: I can hardly wait 'till I get older and like, get a job and stuff so I can drink. Butt-head: Yeah. I plan on doing some smoking too.
Butt-head: Hey, that's that street where Madonna wanted to have her baby. Beavis: So what? Butt-head: Well, then you think of something to say, bunghole! At least I'm trying. Beavis: Okay, I will think of something to say. Schlong. Poop. Anything's better than that.
Butt-head: This is like that easy listening stuff. Beavis: Oh yeah. How come they call that easy listening, when it's like, it's really hard to listen to? It makes me sick!
Butt-head: Dammit Beavis, you promised that this would start rocking! Beavis: I didn't promise, Butt-head, I said maybe it would start rocking! Butt-head: Well, maybe I'm gonna smack you upside the head, dumbass. Beavis: Well, I'm gonna kick your ass, I promise. Butthole.
Butt-head: This reminds me of that joke, where the guy goes to the psychiatrist's office, and he goes "Doctor, my wife thinks she's a chicken". And then the doctor says "Then why don't you choke her?" Beavis: Oh yeah. [imitates chicken] Bawk-ba-bawk!
Butt-head: Look at his mouth. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. It's all encrustulated with grobiels of feces. Butt-head: See what I mean, Beavis? You got like, some problem of something. Beavis: Yeah well, your, uh... your mom, you uh, your mom ... yeah.
[various images flash rapidly on the screen] Beavis: Whoa, is this Faces of Death 3?! Butt-head: Uhhh, no, it's just a video. Butthole.
Beavis: Hey, how come this guy's wearing a dress? Butt-head: Because he's doing his laundry, dumbass. Beavis: Oh, really?
Beavis: Yeah, yeah! BUT MMMEEEEEEEEEEEE-AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Butt-head: That sucked, Beavis. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head, it was cool!
[images of explosions and car crashes are shown] Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Whoa, whoa, look, look! Eeh, yeah, yeah, car accidents! Yeah! Butt-head: That was cool! Uh... Beavis: Uh, laundry! Yeah. Butt-head: Yeah!
Butt-head: Is this Spinal Tap? Beavis: Yeah, Tap is cool! Butt-head: This isn't Spinal Tap! This sucks! Beavis: Yeah, this sucks!
Butt-head: Where'd these guys get their clothes? Beavis: I think they bought them at that rock and roll store at the mall.
Beavis: Didn't these guys play at the state fair last year? Butt-head: Yeah. They won a blue ribbon in the pig contest. Beavis: Eh heh heh, yeah, heh heh. Because he's fat!
Beavis: AAAAAAAHHHHH! Shut up! Shut up! Butt-head: Yeah. Shut up! Beavis: You suck! Butt-head: Stop in the name of all that which does not suck!
Butt-head: This is what it's all about. Beavis: It's like, you watch all these videos, you watch TV, everything sucks, and then something like this comes on, and it's like, it's cool!
Beavis: Whoa, check it out. [sings along] He died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died...[Butt-head smacks him] OOOOWWWWW!!!! Oh, thanks, Butt-head. I was stuck.
Beavis: Who is this? Butt-head: Uh...is this that Toyota Jackson chick? Beavis: Yeah, it's like...it's Toyota Jackson dressed up like Wonder Woman. Butt-head: Oh yeah. [reacting to video] ...Oh no. Beavis: Yeah. No! NO!
[John Oates is carrying a stack of presents which cover his face] Butt-head: Who could that be? [Daryl Hall takes some of the presents] Beavis: Whoa, it's Geraldo!
Butt-head: He's smiling at you. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head!
Beavis: Check it out, Butt-head! It's Mallory, that chick from Family Ties. Butt-head: Yeah. This is really noisy. Beavis: Yeah. Noise is cool.
Butt-head: This chick is weird. Beavis: This chick's mouth is crooked. Butt-head: I wonder why. Beavis: Yeah. Why is it crooked? Butt-head: Uh... I don't know.
Butt-head: Beavis, the name of this song is '50 Foot Queenie.' Beavis: Yeah, I'd like a 50 foot queenie. Butt-head: I'd like a 50 foot weenie.
Max: There's an, old man on a sleigh! Who's like-k-k-k me for just one day! Beavis: Is it Sting? Butt-head: No way, Beavis. Sting sucks! This guy's cool!
Max: So here's a little gift, a song to him, from me! Merry-merry-merry-merry-merry Christmas Santa Claus! Butt-head: This dude stutters! Beavis: Yeah, that's cool!
Beavis: Hey Butt-head. I think the TV's on slow. Fix it. Butt-head: Beavis, you can't put the TV on slow. You're thinking of the VCR or something.
Butt-head: Check it out! Her guitar's broken. Beavis: Oh yeah. They should like, break more guitars. Butt-head: Uh...yeah! Beavis: They should break that escalator too. That would rule.
[The lead singer is destroying an overhead projector] Beavis: Yeah, stomp on it! Kick it! Butt-head: Yeah! I hate those things. Beavis: Yeah. Everytime someone brings one of those into class, I just like, stick my hand on it and flip everybody off.
[A bandmember resembles Jim Carrey] Butt-head: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective!
Butt-head: Check it out, she's horny. Chicks get that look when like, I talk to them and stuff. Beavis: Yeah, and then they just leave.
Beavis: That drummer looks like a regular guy. Butt-head: Yeah. If you saw him on the street, you wouldn't even know he was cool.
Butt-head: [The screen says Violet] Uh...violence? Beavis: Yeah, alright! I like it when they tell you beforehand that there's gonna be some violence, so you can make sure you don't, like, go to the bathroom or anything.
Butt-head: Check it out! Hole! Beavis: Oh yeah! Who are these guys, Butt-head? Butt-head: Uh...this is Hole, Beavis. Who did you think I was talking about? Beavis: Oh! I thought you were talking about her bunghole. Butt-head: You dumbass. Beavis: Yeah. Hole!
Beavis: Those squares remind me of that game all those stupid dorks play...um, chest. Beavis: Yeah. It doesn't even have anything to do with boobs.
Mike Muir: ...but a .357 gonna blow your damn head off! Beavis: Hey Butt-head, what's a 357? Butt-head: Uh...that's like when someone turns all the way around in a circle when they're like slam-dunking or something.
Janet Jackson: Shanna, will you hurry up and get your funky butt off the bed? Beavis: Did you hear that? She just called her monkey butt! Butt-head: Yeah. That was pretty cool!
Beavis: I'm getting kinda sick of Janet Jackson. Butt-head: Yeah. She always has a bunch of chicks sitting around and talking before the video.
Butt-head: Excuse me, are those Bunghole Boys you're wearing? Beavis: [laughs] Bunghole Boys.
Janet Jackson: Could you handle this? Butt-head: Could you handle this, Beavis? Beavis: Yeah, since I can handle this, I can probably handle that!
[Beavis is humping the couch] Butt-head: Ugh! What are you doing, Beavis? Beavis: Doin' my monkey boy. Butt-head: Dammit Beavis, get down! Beavis: I am gettin' down! Rat-a-tat-tat-d'atass...
Butt-head: Uh...is this another one of those damn '80s suck videos? Beavis: Oh yeah! Oh yeah, it's from that album The Classics of Suck.
Butt-head: Whoa! It's hammer time!
Beavis: I can't touch this! Butt-head: I can't watch this! [changes channel]
Butt-head: Oh man! What is this? Beavis: Yeah! This guy really sucks, and I'm not just saying that either! Butt-head: Where's he going with that magazine? Beavis: He's going into the bathroom, and he's taking those guys with him.
Beavis: [Singing off-key] SING US A SONG, YOU'RE THE PIANO MAN!
Butt-head: Whoa! Is this The Partridge Family? Beavis: Um...yeah! Butt-head: I think this is Barry Manilow. Beavis: This isn't Barry Manilow. He's blonde haired like me. Butt-head: Yeah, and he sucks like you too. Beavis: Yeah. I mean, no. Buttmunch.
Rob Halford: FASTER THAN A BULLET!!!! TERRIFYING SCREAM!!!!! Beavis: [does an exaggerated impersonation of Rob Halford] Butt-head: Hey! I feel like killing myself! I feel like killing you!
Butt-head: They're guilty. See you in hell, Rob Hellford! This dude is old.
Butt-head: Uh...uh-oh. This is horrible. Beavis: I kinda feel sorry for these guys, you know, because um, I think it's probably not their fault that they suck so much. Butt-head: Uh...yeah it is.
Butt-head: Oh boy. This is really sad. It's probably like, you know, he has kids and stuff, and he's like "Okay kids, I gotta put on my make-up and go do another show." Beavis: Yeah, you know? It's too bad, really.
John S. Hall: This one's called "Martin Scorsese". Butt-head: Uhhhhhhh, "Martin Scores Easy"? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! It's hard for me to score.
Butt-head: Hey this is that dude who lost his penis! Beavis: Yeah! He did that song about how he had a "touchable penis"!
Butt-head: This must be what happens when you lose your penis! Beavis: Yeah! I always try to keep my johnson in my pants so I won't lose it! Butt-head: You're pretty stupid, Beavis!
Beavis: Holy crap! Butt-head: Whoa! What the hell is this crap? Beavis: Oh my God! Butt-head: Is this, like, a joke? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: I think it's safe to say that this sucks.
Beavis: That cop should hit him. Butt-head: Yeah! Kix: COOL! KIDS! Butt-head: "Krokus"? Beavis: No, he's saying "cool kids". Butt-head: These are supposed to be cool kids? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: I'd hate to see the un-cool kids! This sucks!
[An animated man is caressing his hand against a woman's side, about to reach her breast] Butt-head: Whoa! Beavis: HIGHER, HIGHER, HIGHER, HIGHER, HIGHER! Butt-head: Settle down, dumbass.
Beavis: Whoa! This looks like it might rock. Butt-head: Yeah, maybe. Beavis: Yeah. I mean, I dunno, maybe it's alright. I guess it sounds kinda cool.
Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Yeah! Yeah, bee-yotch! Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! [Slaps Beavis]
[A Mars symbol shows up onscreen Butt-head: Hey Beavis, you see that arrow? Did you know that that symbolizes the wiener? Beavis: Um... what wiener? Where? Butt-head: It stands for wieners everywhere. Beavis: Um... yeah. Good.
[Annie Lennox appears with her eyes largely widened] Beavis: AAH! What's her problem?! Butt-head: This is stupid. Beavis: Um...this kind of sounds like that um...[sings]"From a Distance". Butt-head: Oh yeah. Beavis: Who did that song? Butt-head: Uh...that's Butt Midler.
Butt-head: Okay, I have one. Knock knock! Beavis: Who's there? Butt-head: Uh...eura. Beavis: Eura who? Butt-head: You're ain...urine.
[the lead singer's head is the focus of one shot] Beavis: I wonder what the rest of her body looks like? [the camera pans down to her legs] Oh yeah. Thank you very much. Butt-head: Thank you, may I have another?
Beavis: Whoa, I think this is my grampa! Butt-head: No, this is that dude that was in that movie...he married his cousin, and then they did it. Beavis: Oh yeah. I think that movie was called "Great Balls of FFFFIRE!!"
Butt-head: Is that that Christian Slater dude? Beavis: Yeah. It's like "Christians? Later, dude." Butt-head: Beavis, quit trying to be funny. It never works.
Keith Caputo: You've got time, but you ain't got time for me... Butt-head: Look at him! He's saying his dad doesn't have time for him. Beavis: Aww! Aww! He ain't got time for me! Butt-head: He's practically crying. Beavis: Aww! That's too bad.
Beavis: [sings] American Woman! Butt-head: They think they're bad cause they're walking slow.
Beavis: Who are these guys, anyway? Butt-head: Uh, the Lordz of Brooklyn. Beavis: I thought there was only one Lord. That's what they said in Sunday school. Butt-head: You're thinking of, like, outer space, Beavis. That's where the lord lives.
Beavis: You know, I sure would like to do Madonna. Butt-head: Yeah, me too! I'd like to have sex with her. That would rule! Check it out. Madonna's always having sex with herself in these videos. Beavis: Yeah, that's what I meant too. That would kick ass!
Butt-head: Madonna's always like...masturbating during her videos. Beavis: Yeah, so am I! Butt-head: Yeah, but like, when she masturbates, she's still doing it with Madonna, but when you spank your monkey, you're just having sex with Beavis! Beavis: Well, little Beavis.
Beavis: Hey! No shirt, no shoes, no service! Butt-head: Those are the rules! Now get the hell out of my store!
Marilyn Manson: The housewife I will beat... Beavis: The asswipe I will beat? Butt-head: He didn't say asswipe, he said housewife. Beavis: Sounded like asswipe to me, Butt-head. Butt-head: Uh...who cares?
Beavis: Whoa, look, Butt-head! Poop in a jar! Butt-head: Oh yeah. I think there's some wee-wee there too.
Beavis: You know, that one chick? That chick right there? She's kinda hot. Butt-head: Yeah. Beavis: I'd like to make love to her. Butt-head: Yeah. Me too. Beavis: I'd like to stroll down, and make love... Butt-head: Come to Butt-head.
Butt-head: I heard this dude like did this whole song just by like whistling and singing and slapping his butt and stuff. Beavis: Whoa! Really? I think I'm gonna try that. Butt-head: Yeah. So am I. [Slaps Beavis across the face]
Butthead: Hey Beavis, this guy talks like you. Beavis: No way, Butthead. [sounding like Dave Mustaine] He doesn't talk like me. Butthead: He sorta talks like you. He just doesn't sound as much of a wuss as you do. Beavis: Shut up, Butthead.
Beavis: Yes! Yes! Butt-head: Cool! Beavis: This rules, Butt-head, check this out!
Buzz Osborne: Los ticka toe rest... Butt-head: What? I can't understand what he's saying. Beavis: What's your problem, dumbass? He's saying, like, um... Buzz Osborne: ...sender bright like a penelty... Beavis: Done brine like a pelty? Yeah, that's cool.
Beavis: See, like, right here, he says, uh... Buzz Osborne: Exi-tease my ray day member half lost a beat away... Beavis: Um, exit is my raging member, ban on a TV. Butt-head: These words rule! Beavis: Yeah, yeah yeah yeah! Rock!
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, if they X-rayed your wiener, would they see a bone? Butt-head: If you had a boner, they would. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. That would be cool.
[the band members are submerged in water] Butt-head: Water is cool. Beavis: Yeah. We should go to somebody's pool, and like, go inside it, and like, go underwater, and just rock out! [sings along] Like a stinky photographing on a wire relay in a state of!
Butt-head: Is this Michael Jackson? Beavis: I think it's that bee from that Blind Melon video.
Butt-head: Dammit, I'm sick and tired of seeing crap like this. Beavis: That'd be cool, if Robin Hood came and shot these guys with an arrow. Yeah, yeah, YEAH, YEAH YEAH! Butt-head: Rock on, Beavis!
Beavis: Whoa, check it out, it's the Turdburgler! Butt-head: You mean the Hamburglar, dude. Beavis: No, this guy's a Turdburgler. Butt-head: Oh yeah!
Butt-head: Boy, this is horrible. Beavis: Um...don't say that, Butt-head. I kinda feel sorry for these guys. Butt-head: Yeah.
Butt-head: That James Hetfield dude looks like the Cowardly Lion. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! He kicks ass! Butt-head: The Cowardly Lion sucks, Beavis. Beavis: I was talking about James Hetfield! He rules!
Beavis: What's this? Butt-head: You should know, buttmunch. This is Metallica. Beavis: Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah, YEAH!!!
[the music starts becoming more metallic] Butt-head: Yes! Yes! Beavis: Yes! Metallica rules! Butt-head: They rule. Beavis: [singing along] Dunununuh! Dunununuh! Darkness! Imprisoning me! I cannot live! I cannot die! Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! Beavis: Oh. Sorry, man.
Butt-head: Uh, this is like, those instructions you get when you try to buy a bed at IKEA. Beavis: Oh, yeah. The bed shouldn't have instructions. Except for like, "sleep" and "get it on." Butt-head: Yeah, really. That's why I stole this couch.
Butt-head: Uh... I think this is a diagram that shows how the butt works. Beavis: Yeah, it's the digestive system of a lesbian. I mean, uh, oh. Dammit. Butt-head: Whoa! They gave a poopsicle to that kid!
Butt-Head: Uhhh, is this 16 and Pregnant? Beavis: No no no no. I've seen all of those. Plus she already has a baby, so this is probably, um, Teen Mom season 3! I've seen all of seasons 1 and 2! Butt-Head: She's a lousy mom.
Beavis: Is this Florida? Butt-Head: Uhhh... [monsters and zombie-looking people around] Yup, that's Florida. Florida sucks.
Beavis: This chick looks familiar. Butt-head: Oh yeah. She was in that movie. Beavis: Oh yeah, that movie...it was the second one. The second one of that first one where that dude was choking his chicken on that rock.
Butt-head: That spider's gonna do her. Beavis: No way, really?
[A tornado is shown on screen] Butt-head: Now we're getting somewhere! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Now we're getting sonewhere. Butt-head: Even the old dude is cool. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: I like the tornado.
Butt-head: Whoa! It's Barbie. Beavis: They oughta get some dude without a wiener to play Ken. Butt-head: Why don't you go for it, Beavis?
Butt-head: This chick has more teeth than most people. Beavis: Yeah. Bite me!
Butt-head: This video is upbeat. Beavis: This video makes me want to get up and beat it. Butt-head: You said "up!"
Butt-head: This makes me feel good. Beavis: This video? Butt-head: No. This! [Changes the channel]
Dale Bozzio: Do you hear me? Beavis: [Mocking] Do you hear me? Dale Bozzio: Do you care? Butt-head: Do I care? No! Beavis: Yeah, I don't care! Hell, I just don't care about anything!
[during the guitar solo] Beavis: What's that dude's problem? Butt-head: Uhh, it's like, he's a little too into the music. Beavis: Yeah, really. It's kind of embarrassing. Butt-head: Yeah. The other dudes in the band are probably going "Uh, god, I wish he wouldn't do that".
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, I know I talk about turds a lot, but boy, these things really look like turds. Butt-head: Uhh, I talk a lot about turds too, Beavis. Don't worry about it. Beavis: Oh, okay. Poop!
Butt-head: Uranus is cool. Beavis: Oh, thanks! My anus is pretty cool. Butt-head: [Gets ticked off and slaps Beavis on the chin] Damn it, Beavis, shut up! I was talking about the planet!
Beavis: Whoa! Check it out! A flying Poop-tart! They oughta make that, like poop-tarts, like when they pop out of the toaster, they go POOP!
Butt-head: Hey, look, it's another one of those heavy metal videos with a naked dude all curled up on the floor.
[the lead singer roars] Butt-head: Whoa. Was that a bear? Beavis: Um, heh. [Beavis imitates the singer] BLEAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! Yeah, I think so.
[a beehive is shown onscreen] Beavis: Yeah! [imitates bees humming] Nyayayayayayaya!! Bees are cool. Nyaaayyayayayaya!!
Beavis: Dammit. I wish they'd show those bees again. Bees kick ass. [imitates bees humming] Nyayayayaya!! Bees rule!
[Beavis sees Morrissey dressed in an unbuttoned fishnet shirt and then spits his soda all over Butt-head] Butt-head: Watch it, Beavis! I know this sucks, but that doesn't mean you have to spit all over me. Beavis: You're lucky I didn't barf all over you.
Butt-head: He's trying to hump a rock. Beavis: Yeah, that would be cool if he like, pulled it down, and it crushed him. Yeah, yeah!
Girl in video: I feel like such an ass. Butt-head: Yeah. I feel like an ass too. Beavis, go out and get me an ass, please. Beavis: Okay. Would you like some boobs to go with that ass too?
A different girl in the music video screams Beavis: AAH! What was that? What's going on?! Butt-head: You wuss! That's just a chick screaming. Beavis: They should warn you if they're gonna do that crap, dammit.
Beavis: Cool! Fire! Fire! FIRE!!! Butt-head: What's wrong with you, Beavis? This sucks. Just because you have fire in your video doesn't mean you're cool. Beavis: Yeah, but the fire itself is pretty cool. Butt-head: No way, Beavis. Vince Neil's a wuss.
Butt-head: Mötley Crüe fired this dude. Beavis: They fired him. FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! Butt-head: Tommy Lee should have shoved a drumstick up his butt. Beavis: Yeah. That would've been cool.
Butt-head: Whoa! That chick's got metal pointy things on her boobs.
Vince Neil: She's a knockdown, drag it out, pick it up, do it again... Beavis: She's a knockdown, drag it out, pick it up, do it again...? Butt-head: What does that mean? Who writes this crap? Beavis: Yeah. This sucks.
Butt-head: Those drums sound cool. Beavis: Yeah. [Imitates drum sound] Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! I wonder what that drummer's listening to. Beavis: He's probably listening to Pantera. Butt-head: Yeah. Okay dude, get started. Put down your arms and start singing!
[ Trent Reznor starts singing] Beavis: Yes! Yes! Butt-head: Rock! [Beavis and Butt-head do their signature headbanging]
Butt-head: [Farts towards the quiet end of song] Beavis: Thank you very much, we're Nine Inch Nails. Butt-head: Good night!
Butt-head: This Sucks. It's like he pulls his hair out of his eyes, but then it just falls back in his eyes. Beavis: So what? You got a problem with that? Butt-head: Yeah.
Butt-Head: [Upon seeing the old janitor featured in the music video] Beavis's dad!
Butthead: Is this like, grudge music? Beavis: Grudge music is that stuff that guys from Seattle play. Where is Seattle? Hey Butthead, where's Seattle? Butthead: You don't know? It's that place where like stuff is really cool.
Kurt Cobain: Hello, hello, hello, hello... Beavis: Hello? Hello? Hello, may I help you?
Butt-head: Hi. I'm your tour guide. Welcome to Wuss Gardens. Beavis: It was here that George Washington first chopped off his wiener. And then he lied.
Nitzer Ebb: An anchor! Butt-head: [mocking their accents] Like an ankaa. Beavis: Like an ankaa! Butt-head: An ankaa. Beavis: It's pronounced anchor! Anchor! Can you say that? Err! Err! Dumbass. Ank-err!
Beavis: Check it out, Butt-head, go-karts! Butt-head: Go-karts rule. Beavis: When I'm old, instead of a car, I'm gonna have a go-kart! [imitates an engine] Brrrrrffffftttt!!!
[a guillotine falls and blood spatters all over the screen] Butt-head: Ew! That was disgusting! Beavis: Yeah really. That shouldn't show that kind of stuff on TV! Kids might be watching.
Butt-head: They should chop other people's heads off in videos. That would be cool. Beavis: Yeah, like in that Neil Diamond video. That's where they should be doing this!
[Ted Nugent's head is disembodied and is still alive] Butt-head: He's trying to look all scary. Beavis: He's probably gonna go to jail someday. Butt-head: Well, that was pretty good, I guess. Beavis: At least it was gruesome.
Butt-head: You like this. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! No I don't! Butt-head: Beavis, I just saw you tapping your foot. Beavis: She's making me nervous! It's like, freaking me out. Sometimes I tap my foot when I'm nervous. And sometimes I, you know, hum along too.
Butt-head: This is why hot girls shouldn't keep a dream journal. Beavis: Oh, boy.
Butt-Head: Is this one of those beer commercials? Beavis: Yea, this is that one where that dude goes out in the desert, and then he opens up the beer and it starts snowing....."Step out of the old, and into the cold"... Butt-Head: Uhh..."Nothing Beats a Butt!"
Butt-head: How come Donny's the only dude with his shirt on? Beavis: 'Cause he's a wuss. Butt-head: He probably has saggy pecs.
Beavis: Whoa! A flying skull. That's cool! Butt-head: Yeah. It's too bad this music sucks.
Butt-head: Look at this guy! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! This, SUCKS!
Beavis: Hey, it's that flying skull again. That flying skull rules. Butt-head: Yeah. He oughta, like, fly away and go into a video that doesn't suck. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, or he could, like, start his own show. Butt-head: Yeah. I would watch it! Beavis: Yeah, yeah, me too!
Bobby Ellsworth: Hello from the gutter! Beavis: What's he saying? Butt-head: Uh, I think he's saying "yellow butter". Beavis: Oh yeah.
Bobby Ellsworth: Welcome to the gutter! We've been expecting you! AHAHAHAHAHA! Beavis: [doing a high-pitched impersonation] WE'VE BEEN EXPECTING YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-AAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
[they've turned the TV up as loud as it can go] Beavis: [trying to yell above the noise] HEY BUTT-HEAD, THIS IS COOL, HUH?! Butt-head: UHH, WHAT DID YOU SAY, BEAVIS? Beavis: I SAID THIS IS COOL, HUH, IT ROCKS!! Butt-head: UHH, WHAT? Beavis: YEAH, YEAH!!
Beavis: THIS GUY'S A GOOD DANCER, HUH, BUTT-HEAD?? Butt-head: YEAH! HE'S PRETTY COOL!! Beavis: IT'S LIKE, HE'S A GOOD DANCER, AND HE SINGS PRETTY COOL, AND HE, LIKE ROCKS!! Butt-head: SHUT UP, BEAVIS!! I'M TRYING TO LISTEN!! Beavis: OH YEAH, ME TOO, I'M TRYING TO LISTEN TOO!!
Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: Pantera kicks everybody's ass.
Butt-head: This singer looks pretty mean. Beavis: Do you think he gets all the chicks? Butt-head: Probably not. I bet he, like, scares chicks. Beavis: The only thing cooler than bands that get lots of chicks are bands that scare chicks.
[one of the band members trips over a table] Butt-head: What a wuss!
Butt-head: This is just horrible. Beavis: If you're gonna be horrible, at least, like, you know, kick ass! You know, like Jesus Lizard! I mean, they suck, but they kick ass!
Butt-head: Hey, that's that kid from that Losing My Religion video. Beavis: Yeah, but I thought he got shot with an arrow or something. Butt-head: Yeah. Dumbass. Beavis: Yeah, really.
Tom Petty: It's good to get high... Butt-head: It's good to get high? Beavis: What kind of message is that sending?
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, check this out. Do you like sea food? Butt-head: Uh, yeah. [Beavis opens his mouth wide] Beavis, that joke only works if you have food in your mouth. Dumbass. Beavis: Well, use your imagination, dillhole.
Butt-head: Oh no, is this Yanni? [pause] Uhh...oh, this is Pink Floyd. Beavis: Are they from England? Butt-head: Yep. Just another gang of wussies from England.
Beavis: You know, if you didn't know anything about these guys, and just heard the name "Pink Floyd", and then you heard this crap, you know, you'd probably think that it was just like, total wuss music. Butt-head: Uhh, it is wuss music, Beavis.
Beavis: Whoa, look! Big bingo balls!
Beavis: Hey Butt-head, check this out. [sings in a fake Mexican accent] Let us put the man and woman together and find out which one is smarter...that was cool
Buster: ZAT YOU, SANTY CLAUS!?!? [Beavis does a spit take] Butt-head: This guy seems pretty cool!
Butt-head: Look at his nose! I bet this guy could pick his nose with his big toe! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! That's cool! I do that sometimes! Butt-head: Oh yeah? That's pretty cool.
Butt-head: This is so horrible, I can't even begin to talk about how much this sucks. Beavis: Yeah yeah, really. Look at these buttknockers!
Butt-head: Remember back when they used to play videos by these guys all the time? Beavis: Yeah, that really sucked. Butt-head: Yeah. It's a good thing they're gone. Beavis: Yeah, really.
Beavis: Wait a minute. That dude right there, I think he's that dude who drives the snack truck now. Butt-head: Oh yeah. That's right, he's got a mustache now, and he's just got long hair in the back.
Butt-head: I bet these guys like practice their little wussy dance movies. Beavis: Yeah. Guitars up! Two, three, four and kick!
Beavis: It's like, [high-pitched voice] Bobby, I smeared my lipstick when I kissed my finger. Can I borrow some of yours? Butt-head: You're a little too good at that, Beavis.
[the names of the band members are flashed onscreen] Butt-head: Bobby. C.C., and Brettt! Beavis: And don't forget Rikki!
Butt-head: Uhh...y'know I don't say this too often, but uh, this sucks. Beavis: Ummm, you say that all the time, actually. Butt-head: Uhhh...oh yeah.
Beavis: You know who else Pamela Anderson boffed, is, uh, Scott Baio. Butt-head: Uhh, really?
Butt-head: You know, this Poison dude kinda looks like Pamela Anderson. Beavis: Yeah, you know, I was thinking, y'know, if he got some hooters, maybe he could be on Baywatch. You know, since his career sucks now, he probably doesn't have a job.
Iggy Pop: The cops are well-groomed, with muscled physiques in Butt Town... Butt-head: Butt Town? Beavis: Yeah, that's what he said! He said Butt Town! Butt-head: This is cool! Beavis: Butt Town!
Iggy Pop: If you live in Butt Town.... Butt-head: Yeah! If you live in Butt Town... Iggy Pop: ...you gotta get down. Butt-head: Yeah! You gotta get down! Beavis: Butt Town! Yeah! Butt-head: Butt Town rules.
Beavis: Hey, Butt-head, where is Butt Town? Butt-head: I don't know, but I'm gonna find a map and go there. Beavis: Can I come too? Butt-head: Uh... no, Beavis. Dumbass.
Butt-head: This like, uh... kinda rocks. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, like you know... rock salt. Butt-head: Okay, Beavis.
Beavis: Whoa, Butt-head, I just saw a girl's butt! Butt-head: There's a lot of chick's butts in here, Beavis. Beavis: No, I mean she was naked! Butt-head: You're not allowed to show a naked butt on TV! Beavis: Well, it looked like she was naked. And it was pretty cool.
Beavis: Is this the Benny Hill Show? Butt-head: No, there aren't any chicks in bikinis. Beavis: Oh yeah. Hey, this is Primus! [sings] My name is M-M-M-M-M-Mud! Butt-head: Maybe this guy will spit again.
Les Claypool: If I had my druthers, I'd screw a chimpanzee... Butt-head: Whoa, did you hear that? I think he just said "If I had my druthers, I'd screw a chimpanzee". Beavis: Really? Hey Butt-head, let's go get some druthers.
Beavis: You know what this video needs, it needs like, a toilet Butt-head: Why would they put a toilet in here, Beavis? It doesn't have anything to do with toilets. It's about...uhh...I don't know. Beavis: I don't care.
Butt-head: That looks like that dude from Deliverance. Beavis: Remember that part with that pig? Butt-head: That wasn't a pig, Beavis. That was Ned Beatty. Beavis: I watched that movie seven times. Butt-head: Me too. Squeal like a pig, boy! Beavis: Yeah!
[Prince is wearing tight pants and his penis can be seen bulging] Butt-head: Whoa! Check out his unit! Beavis: Whoa, this chick is flat! Butt-head: Beavis, you see that unit? Beavis: Yeah, yeah. Butt-head: That means it's not a chick. Beavis: Oh, oh yeah. I wasn't looking.
Butt-head: Cool! This sounds pretty cool. Beavis: Yeah! It kicks, BUTT! Hey, check out the skull. Butt-head: That's not a skull, Beavis. That's just like, a really ugly dude.
Butt-head: I wish, like, in school, they would teach something practical, like, heavy metal. Beavis: Yeah! They should have, like, "Heavy Metal Choir"! Butt-head: Yeah! Beavis: UP-UP-URAGH UP-UP-UH-UH-UH-UH-RRRAAAAGGHHH!!!
Butt-head: This is cool. Beavis: Yeah! This video has cool looking stuff in it. Butt-head: Yeah. Even though it's not on the screen long enough to see what it is, you could still tell it's cool.
Butt-head: That guy has a disease. Beavis: Yeah. He's got wussy-itis. Butt-head: First it causes your hair to turn red, then your butt falls off.
Butt-head: Hey Beavis. Have you ever had an operation? Beavis: Yeah, heh heh. I had my tonsils removed. Butt-head: Woah. That means you were neutered, dude. Beavis: No way. Really? Butt-head: Dude, that's what they do when they remove your testicles. Beavis: Heh...cool.
Butt-head: (Scoffs) Happiness. Beavis: Um...you said penis. I just thought I'd tell you that. Butt-head: I know! Why do you think they call it happiness? Beavis: Oh yeah! Because when you're weiner's happy, you're happy.
Beavis: Ahhhhhhhh, yeah. I like to mellow out to this song. Butt-head: Yeah. Let's get a little mellow. Beavis: Sometimes if I have a boner that won't go down, I listen to this kind of music.
Beavis: Woah. Is she Chinese? Butt-head: I think that's that Connie Schlong chick that called the president's mom a bitch on TV.
Lead singer: But sex! Butt-head: Butt sex?
Butt-head: Uh, that looks kinda like Conan O'Brien. Beavis: Oh, yeah. I heard he has a gigantic schlong. Butt-head: Uh, no. You're thinking of me, Beavis. Beavis: No. I was thinking of me, actually. Doi-oi-oi-oi-oing!
Jim: It's a Psychobilly Freakout! Beavis: It's a Psychobilly Freakout! Yeah, yeah! That's what it is, Butt-head! It's a Psychobilly Freakout! Everybody pull down your pants, [shaking] ah-YEEEEEEEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
Beavis: Whoa, snakes are cool. Butt-head: Yeah. I've got a good feeling about this video. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, me too.
Beavis: [singing along badly] I got a wiggle stick, mama! [normal voice] I got a wiggle stick. Butt-head: Well, don't wiggle it here.
Beavis: Yeah, yeah, get him! Get him in the butt! Yeah! Yeah, yeah! Get him! Get him! Get him in the butt! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Butt-head: Settle down, Beavis.
Butt-head: Did I mention that this is cool? Beavis: Um, I don't think so.
Beavis: Whoa, hey Butt-head, check it out, it's a liar..."Liar, Liar, I'll rip your guts out! I'll kick your ass! Liar!" Butt-head: Shut up! Those aren't the words. Beavis: Whoa, whores! Check it out, Butt-head, whores! Butt-head: Yeah. Whores rules.
Sagat: Question... Butt-head: Queshtun. Beavis: Queshtun. Butt-head: That's pretty good, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah, thanks.
Butt-head: What the hell is this? Beavis: Um, I think this is Primus. Butt-head: No, this is the Seminefrious Tubloidial Buttnoids. Beavis: Really? Butt-head: These guys, like, crawl up into people's butts, and, like, go exploring.
Beavis: We should see these guys in concert. Butt-head: Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, the Seminefrious Tubloidial Buttnoids. Beavis: The Seminefrious Tubloidial Buttnoids have left your pants.
Butt-head: I'm not just a Hair Club member, I'm also the president. Beavis: Heh-heh...you said "member."
Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah, I've seen this before! This chick beats herself in the head later. It's cool. Butt-head: Uh...oh yeah! This is gonna be cool.
Beavis: Uh...okay, here it comes. [Lead singer hits her open hands against her head] YEAH, COME ON, HIT YOURSELF! YEAH! Butt-head: She kinda looks like she got a little special feeling from doing that.
Shaggy: Mr. Boombastic! Beavis: Yeah! [imitating Shaggy] Yeah, Bombastic! Here it is! Butt-head: [putting on a foreign accent in imitation] Mr. Romantic, Mr. Bombastic. Beavis: [babbles faux-Shaggy gibberish, the only comprehensible words are "romantic" and "bombastic"]
Beavis: Bombastic! Yeah. [imitating Shaggy] BOMB-BAS-TIC! De bombastic.
Beavis: What is this accent he's talking in? Butt-head: Dumbass, it's foreign! Beavis: Oh yeah.
[Beavis humps the couch whilst Butt-head looks at him in shock] Butt-head: Damn it Beavis, cut that out! Beavis: [imitating Shaggy] Bombastic, Mr. Fantastic...
Butt-head: By the way, this video really sucks, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah, really. Tell me something I don't--uh, I mean, this sucks!
Beavis: [sings] More than a feeling... Butt-head: I woke up this morning, the sun was gone... Beavis: CLOSED MY EYES AND IT SLIPPED AWAY!!! Butt-head: That song's stupid.
Beavis: Ah boy. I think this video has a message. Butt-head: Yeah. The message is leave. Don't watch it.
Beavis: This is like that music they play in those clothes stores in the mall, where they have a bunch of TV screens. Butt-head: Oh yeah. And it's all loud, and then the salespeople come up and say "Hi, would you like a tie today?" Beavis: Those places are stupid.
Beavis: You know, it kinda sounded like he said "Poop". Butt-head: Well, this is the Scatman, and scat is another word for poop. Beavis: How'd you know that? Butt-head: I learned it when I did my report on feces.
Beavis: Hey, it's that guy from Dragnet! Butt-head: Yeah. I carry a badge. My name's Friday. Beavis: [Bono appears on screen] Yeah. My name's Boner. Butt-head: My name's Boner's dad.
Beavis: [On Frank Sinatra] Whoa! Who's that old guy? Butt-head: I think that's like, some dude from The Eagles or something. Beavis: Or like, one of those Rolling Stones guys? Butt-head: Oh yeah. I think that's Keith Richards. Beavis: Oh yeah. He's cool.
Butt-head: Is this like, classic rock? Beavis: Uh... I don't know.
Frank Sinatra: I've got you under my skin... Butt-head: He said "skin." Beavis: [Laughs] "Skin."
Butt-Head: Uh, I think that's supposed to be her dad. He's like, "Never shoulda sent that kid to Hogwarts."
Butthead: Where the hell is this? Beavis: Yeah yeah, why are they playing way the hell out in the middle of no where?
Beavis: What are those guys on the horses? Butthead: They're like the Desert cops. They're kicking Slayer out of the desert. Beavis: Yeah they were playing too loud. Butthead: Not loud enough, dude. Beavis: Yeah. MOUW MOUW MOUW ROOOOOOOOUUUUUW!
Butt-head: This music is like, nice and peaceful music. Beavis: Yeah, this is good if you just wanna like, just kinda mellow out or something.
Beavis: Whoa, check it out, that guy's about to score! Stop the truck! Butt-head: Yeah, pull over, buttmunch!
Butt-head: These guys should like, get together with the Spin Doctors, and like, paint stuff. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, and throw paint around. Seems like every time a bunch of guys get together and throw paint around, there's always some chicks there. Butt-head: Yeah. I wonder why.
Beavis: Woah, check it out. I can't believe she's talking to Snoop that way. Butt-head: Yeah. If that wasn't his mom, he'd be putting the smackdown. Beavis: Yeah, really.
Beavis: Doggy-dog is in the motherf-ing houuuse.
Beavis: Woah, check it out. He's got a phone on the toilet! Butt-head: We got to get one of those. Beavis: Woah, he just touched her boobs! Butt-head: Yeah. It's a Doggy-Dog World!
Beavis: [to the music] May, I, kick a little something for the G's, yey-ah. [speaking] Ain't nothing but a G thing. I'm a G, I'm a straight G. Butt-head: Yeah, you're a G for gonad. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head. You might get smoked if you keep that up. Watch yo back, homie.
Beavis: These houses look fake, Butt-head. Butt-head: Of course they do. That's, like, the whole point of college music, to like, make the suburbs look bad.
Beavis: Boy, this is turning out to be pretty good. Butt-head: You know, when I see two girls kissing, it kinda gives me a special feeling. Beavis: Yeah, me too. Kinda makes me wanna...make a stool. Poop! Butt-head: Damn it Beavis, you are messed up!
Jill Sobule: I kissed a girl. Beavis: Whoa, she said it again! She said she kissed a girl again! Did you hear that? Butt-head: You have to do a lot more than that if you wanna be a thespian.
Kim Gordon: 10, 20, 30, 40... Beavis: How come she's counting? Counting sucks! Butt-head: Uh, maybe she's counting how many times she's done it. Beavis: Oh yeah. Counting rules.
Beavis: Is this Romper Room? Butt-head: Uh, I wouldn't know, Beavis. Beavis: Oh yeah, me neither, I don't know. I don't know whether this is Romper Room or not.
[a ticket collector is standing under a sign that says "2.00"] Butt-head: Only two dollars to see Sonic Youth? Beavis: That's a good deal.
Butt-head: You sit too close to me, Beavis. Could you like, move a little further down the couch? Beavis: No way, Butt-head! You move! I'm all comfortable.
Butt-head: This guy looks like Jesus. Beavis: Yeah, Christ is cool!
Butt-head: If you go to Seattle, everybody you see are cool. We should go dude.
Chris Cornell (Ben Shepherd): All my friends are Indians (all my friends are brown and red)... Beavis: All his friends are brown and red? What's that supposed to mean? Butt-head: Uhh, it means they're, like, turds. He's telling his friends that they suck.
Butt-head: No sir, I don't have any spare change. Get those damn spoons out of my face. Beavis: Get those spoons out of my face before I shove 'em up your butt! Get outta here!
Butt-head: You can tell that this is the kind of chick who's like, had her tubes tied. Beavis: Like, um...how come you know this chick's had her tubes tied? Butt-head: Just look at her, Beavis! Beavis: I think I'm gonna go tie my tubes. Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis!
[a man jumps up and down] Beavis: Whoa, he's not even on a pogo stick. I'll be damned.
Butt-head: How do you do that, Beavis? Beavis: You just talk backwards. Butt-head: Yeah, but like, how? Beavis: Like this. Um...I am...no wait, that wasn't right...this is...uh, no...damn it, I forgot! I can't do it anymore! Butt-head: You can't do it anymore.
Beavis: Is this Pearl Jam? Butt-head: Yeah. Eddie Vedder dyed his hair red. Beavis: Wait a minute, this isn't Pearl Jam! Butt-head: Yeah. It's good to see you thinking, Beavis.
[a rottweiler is seen in the video] Beavis: That bear is cool. Butt-head: It takes a lot more than bears to make a video cool, Beavis. Beavis: What if the bear was, like, taking a dump? Butt-head: Well, that might work.
Butt-head: I wanna dye my hair orange. Beavis: Yeah. You'd look good, Butt-head. You should do it.
Beavis: AAH, I DON'T WANNA LOOK AT SOME DUDE'S BUTT! Come on Butt-head, change it. Butt-head: Come on, Beavis! This song kinda rocks! Besides, later, they show a dog's nads. Beavis: Oh. I'll stick around for that.
Butt-head: Uh... [The two laugh dismissively] Beavis: What's this?
[An old woman is sitting in a bar] Butt-head: Hey, look, Beavis! It's your mom. Beavis: Where? Where? Butt-head: Hanging out in bars again. Beavis: That's not my mom, Butt-head. That's Grandma.
Beavis: What is this? Butt-head: Uh ... is this cable access? Beavis: Yeah, I think it is. Cable access sucks! Butt-head: They should call it cable suckcess. Beavis Yeah, cable suckcess.
Butt-head: This sounds like "Wipeout". Beavis: [half-laughing] I think this is..."Butt-Wipeout". [laughs. Butt-head pretends to laugh]
Butt-head: That Sucks, they do this really cool dance coming up here. Beavis: Oh, really? Cool. Is that it? Butt-head: No, that's just hockey.
Butt-head: I think they're singing about a car. Beavis: See, that's pretty cool. If I had a really cool car, I'd sing about it too. Like [begins "singing"] My car is really fast!/It kicks a lotta ass!/um...It runs on gas!/I drive it on the grass!/um...
[Butt-head smacks Beavis] Beavis: Check this out, Butt-head. It starts out pretty cool, then it starts rocking more and more. [Hums along with bass line] See? Butt-head: I get the point, Beavis, now will you shut up so I can hear it?
Beavis: Then, I was thinking, also, you know, if you had a monkey on drums, just one more thing about that...if you had a monkey on drums, you know, you could spank him, that's all I wanted to say. [Butt-head laughs]
Beavis: Um... is that guy dead, or is he just like, sleeping? Butt-head: I don't know, but either way it's cool.
Butt-head: Uh... is this Real Housewives of Detroit?
[Butt-head looks at Beavis in confusion] Butt-head: Uh... I think that chick in the back is dancing to a different song.
T'Baby: I'm having visions of how we used to hang and bang... Beavis: Hanging and banging... T'Baby: How the fuck do you sposed to stack papers... Beavis: Stacking papers, you know... [The lyrics go off-tempo] Beavis: I'm lost.
[Beavis and Butt-head are dancing] Butt-head: It's so cold in the D... Beavis: Bump bump bump bump... Butt-head: It's so cold in the D... uh, this is hard to dance to. [The two pause, then resume, their dancing]
[The lyrics become increasingly off-tempo] Butt-head: Something's off.
Butt-head: I think she was in Lion King. Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah! I like her better in this though. Butt-head: Yeah. This rules! [The two resume dancing] Butt-head: It's so cold in the D...
Butt-head: This chick's name is T'Pau. Beavis: Yeah. That's Spanish for "This sucks."
Butt-head: That dude looks like Heidi Fleiss. Beavis: Oh yeah. Butt-head: She's skanky. Beavis: Yeah, and she's ugly. Butt-head: She's what you call fugly. Beavis: She's a fugly, skanky whore. Butt-head: That wasn't very nice, Beavis. Beavis: Oh yeah. Sorry about that.
[one member proceeds to deep fry two battered hot dogs] Beavis: Hey, check this out, Butt-head. Fryer, fryer, FRYER!!! Butt-head: Beavis... Beavis: Oh yeah. Fryer!
Beavis: [sings along] Hey old miner, how come you're drinking red wine at Shakey's... Butt-head: This is stupid.
[Video shows sky-angle footage of New York City] Beavis: Um, this looks like the opening to that show, that late night... Butt-head: Yeah. It's like, "Top 10 tall places to take a crap off of." Beavis: That's kinda disgusting.
Butt-head: You know what would be really cool? Is like, if he took a leak from up there. Beavis: Yeah! He should take two dumps, one leak, cut the cheese, and then he should jump. That would rule! Yeah!
Beavis: Butt-head, this reminds me of that movie I saw, that...Crocodile Dumbdee, and um...I was just gonna say, um, he's from...down under. You know, down under? Butt-head: Okay Beavis, I get it. Down under.
Beavis: This is mall music. Butt-head: Yeah. She has to play in a mall because she sucks.
Beavis: [singing along] Make up your mind... Butt-head: I already made up my mind; this sucks. Beavis: Well, now, come on, give it a chance.
Butt-head: I think the message of this video is like, that the army kicks ass. Beavis: Yeah. "Today's army trains you with the skills you need to get ahead in today's world!"
[the lead singer is in a body bag, and a mortician opens it] Butt-head: Zip him back up. He sucks. Beavis: Come on, Butt-head, give him a chance. Butt-head: They shouldn't give anybody a chance to suck.
Beavis: Are you gonna change the channel, Butt-head? Butt-head: Why bother? All we seem to get on this TV is bad videos Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah.
Beavis: Whoa, check it out, Butt-head! There's a chick back there in the window; I think she's naked! Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! No she's not! Beavis: Oh, OK.
Beavis: Hey Butt-head! It's the Noid. Butt-head: Cool! The Noid is cool. Beavis: Avoid the Noid! Avoid the Noid! I like to say that. Avoid the Noid! Butt-head: Uh ... wait a minute, that's not the Noid. That's Satan.
[Tom starts his signature wailing] Butt-head: You Right, Beavis! Beavis: Yeah. It's like, this guy's a pretty good singer. Butt-head: Yeah. It's like, he can't write songs but he sure can sing.
Beavis: Later on, this guy gets abducted by aliens. Hey Butt-head, do you believe in aliens? Butt-head: I believe in illegal aliens. Beavis: I believe in Mexicans. Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis. You're supposed to call them "Hispandex".
Beavis: You know what would be funny, if he changed his name, you know, instead of Mike Watt, he would change his last name to Hunt? Butt-head: Uh...why would that be funny? Beavis: ...I don't know, actually. Butt-head: Dumbass.
Beavis: Hey, check it out. It's Dean and Gene Ween. Butt-head: Ween. Beavis: Ween kicks ass. Butt-head: Yeah. This is kinda groovy. Beavis: [screeches] Freedom! Yeah, this is kinda groovy.
Butt-head: Hey Beavis, this guy sounds like you. Beavis: Shut up, fartknocker!
Butt-head: That dude's wearing a Yamaha.
Gene Ween: If you think that I'm a loser... Beavis: He is a loser! Butt-head: This guy sucks!
Gene Ween: Push th' little daisies and make 'em come up! Beavis: [mocking him] Push th' little pansies and make 'em come up! Push th' little pansies and make 'em come up! Butt-head: That was cool.
Beavis: Check it out, it's Corky!
Butt-head: [changing the channel] Push this!
Butt-head: These guys got no future.
Beavis: Um...this is like...um, some show, right? Butt-head: Uh...of course it is, buttmunch! It's on TV. Beavis: No but um...I don't think this is a video. Butt-head: They don't play many videos anymore. It's all like...shows, and people snowboarding and stuff.
Beavis: I think this is...I think this is like, Happy Days. Butt-head: Yeah. Crappy days. Beavis: That was pretty funny, Butt-head. Instead of Happy Days, you called it Crappy Days.
Butt-head: Rock! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: [sings along] You hobo fumpin' humpin', [forgets the words] ah, ah...bitch! Butt-head: This kinda like, ah, rocks. Beavis: Yeah, it's not bad.
[one of the band members waves towards the lead singer's butt] Butt-head: He's pretending to feel her butt. Beavis: She won't let him feel her butt because like, he failed the nad inspection.
[the lead singer, licking a lollipop, licks a shirtless man's armpit] Beavis: Whoa! She just licked that dude's armpit! Butt-head: Yeah. The guy with the best nads gets his armpit licked.
Butt-head: I bet this chick would like, be into me and stuff because like, you know, she has braces. Beavis: She's probably got one of those overbites. Butt-head: Uh, I wish she'd give me an overbite.
Butt-head: He's smiling at you, Beavis. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head!
Butt-head: This guy always likes to show off his butt. Beavis: Yeah. And his butt sucks. Butt-head: Oh yeah? How do you know? Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! I'll kick your ass!
Beavis: Um...wow. Something's different about this. Butt-head: Uhh...yeah. It's like, it sounds different, and looks different than like, most other videos you see lately. Beavis: Yeah yeah. Kinda cool, yeah.
Butt-head: Hey Beavis, you get the one in the middle. Beavis: Shut up peckerwood! She's yours.
Butt-head: His teeth are whiter than white! Beavis: Yeah, they're "white"!
Butt-head: These guys live on the edge! Beavis: Yeah, the edge of "Wuss Cliff"!
Butt-head: This is Joey Buttafuoco's&#65279; theme song.
Beavis: Check it out. She's leaving him because he sucks.
Butt-head: Yep, that's him, officer. Beavis: Book him, Danno. Butt-head: Kick him, Danno. Beavis: And punch him! He deserves it. He sucks! Butt-head: We charge you with being in a sucky video for a crappy song. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. Guilty as charged!
Butt-head: They're making him fight the janitor. Beavis: Fight, yeah! Butt-head: If I was a janitor, I'd like, throw a bunch of sawdust with puke at him, and then I'd go "Now who's bad?"
[a man jumps off a tall building] Butt-head: Whoa. Beavis: Yeah yeah, now this is gettin' good. [The man transforms into a bird] What? He turned into a bird! Butt-head: If I could turn into a bird, I'd turn into a cock. Beavis: Cock-a-doodle-doo!
Butt-head: He's probably like, one of those rich kids. Like, his parents bought him a guitar, and he couldn't play that either. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. And then he said "Well, maybe if I get a really cool suit, then that'll help."
Butt-head: Dammit. This Nickelodeon crap has gone too far.
Butt-head: Boy, this really sucks. [changes the channel]
Ronnie: GO!!! Beavis: Yeah, GO! Get in there, and have sex with him, now! Butt-Head: You're wasting all our time! Beavis: What TV show do you think you're on here?! Come on!
Farrah:I just got my loan for the breast augmentation... Butt-Head: I-just-got-my-loan-for-the-breast-augmentation
[Beavis, drinking a soda spits it out in surprise] Beavis: You can get a loan for big boobs?! Butt-Head: Uh...wow! Beavis: I'm gonna take out a loan, to get a bigger schlong!
Farrah's Nurse: [showing Farrah waivers] This is where you sign your life away. Butt-Head: Okay-where-do-I-sign?
Michael (Farrah's Father): [after her breast augmentation] Looking good. Butt-Head: Did her dad just say "Looking good"? Beavis: Nice boobs, honey!
Butt-Head: Toot's....Squatch.
Squatch: Well when I was really really quiet, I was praying last night. Do I need to get the hell away because she is the devil, or is she working for the Lord? Sammie Jo: ...and what did Jesus say? Butt-Head: Jesus said she could do better.
Jez (This is fucking wicked. I'm almost definitely a musical genius. Maybe a tattoo... on my chest... but... of my face. Yeahh! Double me! Feel it!)
Mark: (You're not a paedo. You're definitely not a paedo.)
[While boarding the bus] Mark: (Yes! "I am the lord of the bus!" said he.)
Mark: (Women don't like your hands under their bottoms, Mark. That's been established, that's a given.)
Mark: (Those kids have no idea whatsoever of what went on at Stalingrad. Although I can in no way compare my struggle reading it with that of the Red Army, it has been a very big read. )
TV: I'm basically looking to meet someone like myself. Mark: (Pfftt. That's exactly the opposite of what I'm looking for.)
Jez: Now I know how whatshisname felt when he finished the Mona Lisa... Knackered.
Mark: (I don't want to go to Waitrose. I want a fuckbuddy.)
Mark: (Maybe he doesn't mind. Maybe nobody minds about things as much as me.)
Mark: (You can have good relationships with people who scare you. Just look at me and dad.)
Super Hans: Oh what? So... Mr... Ocean Colour Pants doesn't get it? Well, quelle fucking surprise.
Super Hans: It's not who you know... It's who you blow.
Boy: Hey look, it's clean shirt. Mark: (Clean shirt? What does that even mean? Isn't that good?) ... Boy: Fuck off clean shirt!
Jez: You're a posh spaz. Mark: Oh really? Well I'd love to know in what way I am a posh spaz. Jez: In the way that you do posh, spazzy things like... tidying up and... ironing your socks. Mark: I do not iron my socks! Jez: Socks, shirts, whatever!
Toni: I tell you, you find out who your real friends are when you set fire to Hampton Court maze because you can't take any more of your husband's shit.
Jez: (If I laugh at everything she says, I'm bound to at least get a suck job.)
Jez: (I mean, you can't catch cancer... I'd have heard... Someone would've said...)
Jez: Listen to you, you beautiful... crazy thing... I meant, the cancer. Paula: I'm sorry? Which cancer? Jez: The bloody cancer! Eating you away! Paula: Ok... Would you like it if I did have cancer?
[Leaving Sophie on the bus, having failed miserably to woo Toni the previous night] Mark: (Yeah that's the way, Sophie is the one. Toni is Russia: Vast, mysterious, unconquerable. Sophie is Poland: Manageable... won't put up too much of a fight.)
Mark: [Before having toast for breakfast] (Brown for first course, white for pudding. Brown is savoury, white's the treat. Of course I'm the one who's laughing because I actually love brown toast.)
Jez: Super Hans says he's come up with a bass loop for our new track that is so good, that when he tried turning it off... he literally couldn't... he actually physically couldn't do it.
Mark: (Work-shy freeloader.) Jez: (Tight-fisted cockmuncher.)
Jez: (You wouldn't ask the Chemical Brothers to do your laundry for you; they'd be off their tits.)
Mark: (I mean, what's the worst that could happen? She could say no. Actually, that would be terrible. It would destroy me if she said no.)
Mark: (People like him should wear stickers; they've got them for their cars. Oh, yeah, great idea, Adolf.)
Mark: How's your day going thus far? Did you have a nice shower or bath? Sophie: Why, do I smell? Mark: God, no, you don't smell. I mean, you smell nice. Not that I've smelt you.
Jez: (Super Hans said he'll be here in twenty minutes. That means I've got at least an hour.)
Mark: [Drawing a cartoon.] (What the hell is that? That is very gay, that's what that is. Come on, go crazy. You're hungry, like the wolf.)
Jez: We are NOT the Hair Blair Bunch!
Toni: So, what you're saying is, these products are essential? The kind of products no one could do without? Jez: Well... You're kind of making me say that.
Mark: (She's ignoring me. Of course she's ignoring me, this morning I sent her a bloody swastika.)
Mark: [Trying to open his desk drawer] (Why don't I get this fixed? Why don't I ever get this fucking thing fixed?! Every night it's f... Ah, it always comes out eventually, fuck it.)
Mark: I mean, not that.
Mark: (Everything's okay in the cupboard. I'm safe in the cupboard.)
Jeff: Mark. You're in the stationery cupboard. Mark: That's right, Jeff.
Mark: (I'll be able to order him around. Not horrible, just... Jeremy, could you file this for me? Jeremy, could you take that for me? Jeremy could you suck this for me?... Jesus! Where did that come from?)
Jez: No, challenging is right... Umm... But, a bit more of a relaxing challenge, more like doing a crossword than a tracheotomy.
Jez: You're pissing on my bonfire! Mark: There is no bonfire! Jez: That's because you keep pissing on it!
Mark: (Well that was a fucking disaster. I want compensation. I want reparations. I want the Rhineland. It's going to be 1919 all over again, fuck the inevitable backlash.)
Mark: I like you. Is that such a crime? Should I be hounded to the ends of the earth, just for liking you? I like you, and if you can't handle it, you can just, you know, fuck off.
Mark: (Life is all pain. Pain, rejection and gloom. Why do we even pretend that there's anything other than a yawning blankness at the heart of... Hey! 33% extra free! I'm doing excellent shopping. My depressed state of mind is making me even more frugal than normal.)
Jez: You realise tinned food is just for crackheads and wars.
Jez: I just came here to tell you we've been invited to a very wicked party. Mark: Do I look like the kind of man who goes to wicked parties?
Mark: (Ok, well, I'm here, so I'll just sit here and drink. No one can stop me doing that. Just drink myself to death.)
Mark: (I've been initiated. I am a drug user! Fuck the police!)
Mark: What if I lose it? I'm not gonna do a poo am I, Jez?
Jeff: So Valerie, who's your favourite member of S Club? Valerie: Oh, I'm not really into them. But I hear they have a big gay following. [mimes oral sex]
Mark: For the worst thing that could possibly happen, this is actually going extremely well.
Mark: (Don't think about it. If you don't think about it, it won't happen.)
Mark: I'm bowling all right, I'm bowling FRUIT! I've reached the next level, I've gone BEYOND!
Mark: (She does look kind of great in my pajamas. That's sick. Why is that sick?)
Jez: Mark likes Israel, I'm Palestine. Makes it much more interesting if you pick sides.
Super Hans: You passed out after the love beans... thought the table was being ironic.
[In flash back of drug induced state] Jez: (Floss is boss, Floss is boss). [Begins to strangle Super Hans with dental floss] Jez: FLOSS IS BOSS! FLOSS IS BOSS!.
Mark: (This is the worst thing to happen to anybody ever.)
Mark: (Good old unfriendly Mr. Patel. Never says a word whether you're buying corn flakes, fabric softener... or gay porn.)
Super Hans: We're going to have parties that go beyond fun and actually get a bit nasty.
Jez: Will you walk, like some stupid.. duck? Or will you drive, like Clarkson?
Jez: The bad thing. That was the bad thing. [Cut to shot of Super Hans performing oral sex on Jeremy the previous night] Super Hans: Alright. My turn now.
Sophie: Are you sure you can get home from here? Mark: Hmmm. (You can never go home again. Winter's coming. Is this Stalingrad? Is this where it all ends?)
Jez: Look mate, I'm next door. I heard you. Your... noise. Last night. Super Hans: Oh, that. That was nothing. That was... press-ups. Jez: Yep, well, you certainly seemed to enjoy the last few... a lot.
Therapist: Have you ever done a Rorschach test? Just tell me what you see. Mark: (A hairy twat. A hungry, devouring twat) ...a kitten?
Jez: (This was definitely a good idea. There's no chance this wasn't a good idea.)
Mark: It's payback time. Jez: And she's paying back... in fear dollars!
Mark: (I've made a psycho call to the woman I love, I kicked a dog to death, and now I'm going to pepperspray an acquaintance. Something ... I mean, what's happened to me?)
Mark: (Can't do it. It's too much. I'm not American; I can't date.)
[Discussing life and death with Mark] Sophie: Sometimes, we're so wrapped up in the nonsense of life... Mark: Right yeah... I mean, if I want an Xbox, why don't I just get an Xbox? Sophie: [confused] ...yeah. Mark: (You're losing her) It's a brief candle... a bloody brief candle.
Jez: ('Abandon self-cherishing, love only others'. Yeah well Mr. Dalai Lama, I suppose you've got to be a suck-up if you haven't got your own country.)
[Kissing Sophie at Jez's uncle's wake] Mark: (Oh, my God. Umm... What about my abnormal knackers? Ooh, this is nice. How weird are they? What I really need is a good, long look at another man's bollocks. But that's so fraught with potential problems.)
Jez: There's only so much happiness in the world and they're hoarding it all! Mark: That's not how happiness works! (It completely is.)
Mark: What do I know about love and happiness? I know you have to play dirty, my friend.
Mark: (Yeah, fuck carrot and stick, he's making the stick out of carrot.)
Mark: (Careful, there's man love and there's business love, and never the twain shall meet.)
Mark: (Yeah, you won't be so cocky Jeff, when I come into the office with a Kalashnikov and 200 rounds of ammunition. I'm probably exactly the kind of person who could end up doing something like that.)
Mark: Dancing? Y-yes... dancing... I love... dancing... (It makes me look like a coma victim being stood up and zapped with a cattle prod.)
Jez: (God, this is such a mess. It's fantastic.)
Jez: Maybe I should send her a bit of ear. Or a finger. Just to show I'm really serious.
Mark: (I've walked into my own personal nightmare. Must remain non-uptight for Sophie. Even if they make me play trust exercises with their genitals.)
Jez: (Jesus, Mark's such a honky. I'm definitely the alpha-est male here. He's probably here for community service. He looks like he's actually getting a bonk on. I'm definitely king of the hippie jungle.)
Mark: Look, Jez, what I'm trying to say is, for better or worse, the sixties happened and now sex is fine. But can't we take the best of that--the nice music, the colors, the I Have A Dream, et cetera--but not have to face the ... squalor?
Jez: Who needs romance when you're doing it up the bum?
Nancy: You can't imagine your mum having sex with a black man? That's pretty racist, Jeremy!
Mark: (If I want to act relaxed, it's going to take all my cunning, skill, and concentration.)
Mark: (I wonder which of my treasured possessions they'll be putting in each others anuses tonight.)
Mark: (God it's so easy being a freak. No wonder they're ten a penny. I should get extra marks for not feeling a fucking thing.)
Nancy: This place is amazing, Gwyn. How can you afford it all? Gwyn: Well I guess I've just been very lucky. Money's an energy and lots of it has always flowed towards me. Particularly after my parents died. Jez: Cosmic.
Jez: (You're not going to out-hippie me you fucking hippie.)
Mark: (God it's happening. It's Woodstock. It's Altamont. It's My Lai.)
Mark: (I'm Louis Theroux. I'm Louis Theroux with his wry smile at the orgy.)
Mark: (Sure, an orgy sounds great, but you're basically just multiplying the number of people you're not going to be able to look in the eye afterwards.)
Jez: (This is good. This is like watching a porno, except I can't see anything, I haven't got a hard-on, and I want to cry.)
Mark: We have something special. Not my words, yours. We can't throw that all away just because I ... spy on you ... can we!?
[Jez approaches an acquaintance from school] Jez: Gog! Gog: Jeremy! What are you doing here? Jez: Wouldn't you like to know, you big prick! [Jez twists Gog's nipple] Jez: Remember that time we made you wank off Percy's dog for a fiver?
Mark: (He hasn't got any massage oil. He's trying to make me obsess about massage oil. And it's worked!)
Jez: Is that? ... Oh my god it is! It's Gog! Mark: Who's Gog? Jez: It's Gog! In school, if you had to sneeze, you'd run up and do it in his face.
Super Hans: I'll tell you what, that crack is really moreish.
Mark: Jeremy, what is Super Hans doing? Jeremy: [observes Super Hans] He's honking on his crackpipe. Mark: Crack! Jeremy! I have company! Jeremy: Relax Mark, everyone does drugs nowadays. "Look at Me, I'm Mark. I'm dying on a street in an Advert in the 80s."
Super Hans: What we really need to do is create a powerful sense of dread. [Plays a long, low note on the keyboard] Super Hans: See, the longer the note... the more dread!
Jez: (Useless...all useless. I wish they were all robots...I wish I were a robot...maybe I could punch through a wall...)
Jez: The only reason I don't go to church is that, for me, everything's a church. This room is my church, the hall is my church... Cost Cutters is a bloody cathedral.
Mark: (I've shot you Jeff. With a bullet made of Scottish finance regulations.)
Nancy:Why don't they ever talk about all the buses that made it safely? Mark:Yes, I suppose the news should just be a dispassionate account of all the events of the day - except it would take forever.
Mark: I can take a joke as well as anyone, but if it happens again I'm taking it to a fucking industrial tribunal
Jez: (Come on, smile - you don't know I've got an ulterior motive for doing this.)
Jez: (She probably has really nice kidneys. Yeah, I'd fuck those kidneys real good.)
Mark: (She knows about cubits, she's not comfortable in her own skin, she's one of me!)
Mark: (Do a Columbo, do a Columbo.) [To shoe shop assistant] Just remind me, which university was it April's gone to again? Assistant: Dartmouth. Mark: Dartmouth, of course. Dartmouth. Thanks. (Good old Columbo. Just the one technique, of course. Still, shits on Quincy.)
Super Hans: The secret ingredient [waves hand] is crime.
Jez: Stealing things just makes everything very cheap. Plus, you know how I feel about capitalism. Mark: Yes, confused.
Jez: There's no quim likes to party... Mark: ...like the quim down in Darty!
April: Who's your tutor? Mark: [scanning noticeboard behind her] (Netball, Keyser Söze, MacLeish!)
Mark: You don't walk into the jaws of death--that's common knowledge!
Mark: I'm gonna leave a tenner and a note.
Mark: I'm dangerously close to getting what I want. Feels a bit weird.
Mark: At least I didn't have to watch her recoil at my scrotal scar.
Mark: (Is that it? Is that how easy it is to steal some education? Bloody hell, who's in charge? The world's just people walking around, going in to rooms and saying things. It's all a big swizzle!)
Mark: (Oh God she is just so lovely and she doesn't even realize it. Probably no one's ever told her. I should tell her!! No, don't tell her. If she realizes, I'm finished.)
Jez: So these are just rows and rows of books you don't like? Do you spend a lot of time not reading them? Professor: (Angry) I think you've said enough, friend.
Jez: He's not a mature student, he's been a loan manager for the last five years. He lives with me and he eats ready meals and we play 'Guess the Revels' and watch Men In Black on our massive telly and we have a fucking. Good. Time.
Mark: [As Jez and Mark leave] (This is okay....it's just one of those things that will haunt me forever.)
Mark: If you can't have sex with the monkey, make friends with the organ-grinder. Jez: Right. You didn't, did you? Try to have sex with a monkey?
Jez: You do realise I'm bored, Mark? I'm dangerously bored. Today I even considered doing that thing that that MP and Michael Hutchence did. You know. [Mimes putting a rope around his neck and masturbating]
... Mark: And if you do do that, don't do it in here. The hook's almost off the wall as it is.
Jez: No Mark. I only told you for a laugh. You promised not to tell. Mark: Hitler promised not to invade Czechoslovakia, Jeremy. Welcome to the real world! Jez: But you said... what about your mum's life? Mark: What does that even mean!? What are you going to do, KILL her?
Mark: (I have entered the abyss. I've bought a house in the abyss. I'm getting my post forwarded to the abyss.)
Jez: So I was gonna twat this geezer, and then it turns out they were both Polish! Mark You were going to 'twat' a 'geezer'? Were you playing the 'Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels' video game?
Mark:(Yep, civilization is definitely doomed.)
Mark: I've been turning this thing over and over in my head like a bloody horrible pancake.
Mark: We all hate you Jeff! You're a cocksucker!
Mark: I'm giving you the broom Jeff!
Jeremy: Brilliant, Mark. My mate and your woman have just gone off to fuck each other. What are we gonna do now? Go and make a tent in the living room and eat Dairylea? Is that what you want? Because that's what's gonna happen.
[discussing their marriage of convenience] Nancy: You realise its only going to be an administrative procedure? Jez: The happiest administrative procedure of our lives!
Jez: Oh don't marry those gays, Nancy. Marry me!
Mark: You do realise it's me you're talking to, not some Italian builder.
Mark: (This is just not normal. Someone has got to do something. He's just going to stand there doing nothing like Jeff's the invading Chinese army. They're women, that old get out. Oh god, it's got to be me.)
Mark: (Great. The woman you love has been single for only a few seconds and you've already found her a nice new boyfriend. Nice job, Mr Fucking Stupid.)
Super Hans: She's got trouble written right through her. Like a stick of Brighton rock.
Super Hans: Where might you find a diphthong? Mark: It's an element of speech. Super Hans: Where might you find one? Mark: In a word?
[as Jez walks up the aisle] Mark: (I tried. I failed. Got to let him make his own mistakes. Just like Dad with me and the strimmer.)
Mark: (Got to stick it out. Keep being charming to Sophie, stay cold and unfriendly to Karen, without breaking social convention.)
Mark: (Brilliant. Probably looks like I was going to punch him, when actually I was going to use the Buddhist as a human shield).
Mark: (Public humiliation. Welcome to my world, Jeff. Although personally I wouldn't have picked that dress to cry on.)
Jez: Do you think maybe, if I plead and plead and plead, she'll forget all about it and things will go back to like before? Mark: Honestly? Jez: Quite honestly. Not brutally honestly. Mark: Then... yeah, absolutely.
Mark: (Fish pie then missionary sex and Newsnight afterwards.)
Mark: (Note to self re: being the Fonz - Mark, you are *not* the Fonz.)
Big Suze: Hey, Jez! Look at all the lovely normal people.
Mark: (They're alright with hitting, but apparently there's a massive taboo against stabbing.)
Jeremy: About Stu (He's a monk, he's gonna have fifteen years of spunk backed up. How am I supposed to compete with that?)
Jeremy: Yeah. Take that Stu, you lump of monk. God didn't protect you from my big fist.
Jeremy: (God I must look so cool to her, like Pete Doherty or Bukowski. Yeah, that's right honey, I'm a street fighting man. God she's probably getting wet just looking at me.) Hold your horses honey, I've got coupons for the Pringles.
Mark: (Look at me; I've got a girlfriend. A proper girlfriend reading a best-seller about child-abuse. I go out and have croissant. I'm just a normal functioning member of the human race and there's no way anyone can prove otherwise.)
[Super Hans nonchalantly flings Merry's laptop across the room] Jez: Super Hans! Super Hans: Oh, what? Oh, 'cause it's a computer you think it's made of spiders webs and magic? It's just a metal box Jez, they're indestructible.
Mark: I suppose doing things you hate is just the price you pay to avoid loneliness.
Jeremy: "If you build it, they will come". That's my market research. Mark: Your market research is Field of Dreams? I mean, a man who made a baseball pitch in his garden for ghosts? That's your role model?
Jez: Mark, do you have to live quite so relentlessly in the real world?
Jez: People like lager and nuts. Super Hans: People like Coldplay and voting for the Nazis. You can't trust people, Jeremy.
Jez: I'm definitely not co-managing a pub called 'Free the Paedos'.
Jez: I'm just really not happy with the name Free the Paedos. I mean, can't we call it something more normal like... The Swan and Tomato? Super Hans: Yeah, or compromise? The Swan... and Paedo. Jez: Yeah OK!
Mark:(I'd like to chemically alter my girlfriend's mood)
Mark: She's very ill. We need to get her to someone- Jeremy: Who has more responsibility for her than us. Mark: Exactly.
Super Hans: Did you try to section me? Jeremy: No. (That sounded convincing.)
Jeremy: Do you really think if you give her back those papers, she's going to let you screw her?
Jeremy: (If I was getting sectioned, I'd put up more of a fight. Downside: Could get lobotimised)
Jeremy: Your dream is just everybody, grey, on the omnibus, eating grey sludge. That's your dream isn't it?
Jeremy: If YOU try to section me Mark you will have crossed a line and I will section you, so help me... Doctor: Look guys. You've had your fun with the sectioning. There's going to be no more sectioning today.
Jez: Oh Suze, it's not scary; you just lose your sense of who you are and all that shit. Big Suze: Will I still be able to play the piano? Jez: Of course! Suze, they're mushrooms; they're completely natural! Nothing natural ever hurt anybody, that's a scientific fact.
Jez: If people only did everything they wanted everyone would just spend all day sitting on the carpet watching the poker channel, wanking and eating those expensive German biscuits. Probably.
Super Hans: Listen love, just a little tip alright? You're on the edge now and you need to pick the right way. One way's heaven, and the other... well... probably best not to think about that right now... but it's fuckin' 'orrible, yeah?
Jez: You da man! Mark: I'm a man! Jez: It's you da man. Mark: Whatever, Jeremy, let's not quibble. I'm a Man!
Jez: (Shit. We're so angry together. The righteous indignation of the common man! Maybe we can start a union... The Woodworkers and General Persons Union.)
Jez: (Maybe we'll become best mates and he'll train me up to be a carpenter like Jesus. And if I get crucified, he'll start a religion in my name. Jeremism. 'I'm a Jeremist.' Nice.)
Jez: (It's not like I'm going to rape him. I could rape him... I'm not going to rape him.)
Jez: I'm going to get us both really high and then try to put my hand up her jumper. Mark: That's your plan is it?
Mark: Let me out! Let me out I need a poo!
Mark: (This is the last friendship I have that's not backed up by a legally enforceable document.)
Super Hans: Ooh yeah. These are the good times, love; after the initial nausea passes, but before the grinding comedown. Lovely.
Johnson: Is that normal pooing you're doing, Mark? Mark: Yes, perfectly normal. Johnson: Doesn't sound normal... Doesn't smell normal. This is bollocks, Mark! You know the credo: illness equals weakness. You're off the team.
Jez: So this is my big evening, is it? Me, tripping my nuts off, watching you do endless pooing.
Mark: Nothing means anything to you, does it? Friendship, loyalty - they're just fusty old words like sixpence and codpiece to you, aren't they?
Mark: (Looking at porn is like lying to Parliament. It used to be wrong but now it's all a big laugh.)
Mark: (Oh my God. I've fallen in love with her. Of course. Brilliant. How incredibly predictable. What a total fucking dope.)
Mark: (He's gonna get cancer and I'm not. I don't want him to but obviously one of us is going to get it and I'd rather it was him.)
Mark: Promise me you will not try to sleep with her. Jez: I promise I will try not to sleep with her.
Mark: So. You slept with her. You promised. Jez: I promised to try not to. Mark: Yeah, well you didn't try very hard did you. Jez: Mark, I tried incredibly hard. It just turns out it was literally impossible not to.
Jez: (How can Mark be in love with Big Suze? It's like Swaziland trying to invade China - it's a bloody political joke.)
Mark: (They're rubbing it in my face. It's like I've got his member in my face.)
Mark: (Great. Okay, so I've 'dumped' my sister. That's great. That feels good. I'm intrigued to see what I'm gonna do next. Maybe I'll ring up Grandad, and tell him I think he's a boring twat.)
Jez: Crunchy Nut Cornflakes are just Frosties for wankers. Mark: Frosties are just Cornflakes for people who can't face reality.
Jez: It's probably some young black kid who's been accused of stealing a bun, and I'm going to set him free.
Mark: No smoke without fire? Is that what 1000 years of British Judicial Law has come down to? No smoke without fire?!
Mark: Saying 'I Love You' is like firing first in a duel; if you miss, you're fucked!
Jez: Sometimes I tell them I love them early on on a first date just to get things off to a good start. Mark: Doesn't that... devalue it a bit? Jez: No. Maybe. A bit. Who cares, it works.
Mark: You'd be the first to admit that you're not the most rational thinker. Jez: No I wouldn't! Mark: You still don't understand what happens in Ocean's Eleven. Jez: It's a complicated film. Mark: It really isn't.
Jez: (This isn't wrong - just illegal - like drink-driving.)
Jez: Oh that is typical. "Jeremy can't be trusted to judge the woman he's sleeping with but ... Tony Blair can?"
Jez: (I'm in Twelve Angry Men. I'm the only one who's not angry. I'm horny. That's much nicer.)
Mark: Sophie! The Sophster! Sophistry!
Mark: So, a candle stuck in a wine bottle apparently doesn't cut it anymore. Now for a special night you have to have Class-A drugs and... fisting.
[About ecstasy] Jez: Jesus Mark, why didn't you bang one? Mark: Because I don't want to wake up dribbling in a phone box with a trucker's penis in my ear!
Mark: It's like I'm trapped in a giant aero!
Mark: (How did my house become a rave? This is probably how a squat starts. They'll never leave and eventually they'll brick me up in my room and ownership will pass to them because a high court judge will rule me to be officially not living life to the max.)
Jez: (Oh yeah. Justice is done. Not actual justice, but, what I wanted to happen. Which is basically the same thing.)
[to Jez playing darts] Mark: Are you aiming for the bulls-eye? Jez: Yeah, 'course I am, it's the best thing on the board! Mark: No, it isn't. Jez: Mark, just look at it. It's tiny, it's red, it's right in the bloody middle. 'Course it's the best thing on the board!
Mark: (Oh great, she posted the guide book. I suppose I'm supposed to think that's incredibly charming and French. Well it's not, it's a waste of £8.99.)
Mark: (She's looking for company after a minute of uncomfortable silence. Well, get used to it, baby. There'll be a lot more where that came from when we're married.)
Super Hans: We'll be going to bed when Mark's getting his morning horn off the FT.
Jez: Right well, let's crack on. Super Hans: Don't. Say. Crack, Jez. Yeah? Please. Not now. 'Cause you saying crack makes me think about crack and I love crack. So can you not say crack?
Mark: (Why won't that stupid bitch let me propose to her?)
Super Hans: I've got a monkey on my back the size of King Kong. I am being fucked by King Kong!
Mark: We're not going to be two of those idiots you hear about who go up a mountain in Flip Flops and Sombreros and have to be rescued. Jeremy: Would you rather be one of those idiots they find frozen to death, drinking his own piss while badgers chew on his corpse?
Mark: [Dividing up his chocolate] There's seven segments, so that three each and one left over which is mine since... it's all mine. Jeremy: Oh, the spirit of the The Blitz lives on. Fuckin' hell.
Jeremy: (She's so Beautiful and Fancy. If there weren't a junkie in my room shitting and retching and hurling, it would be just like Pride and Prejudice)
Mark: (At least he doesn't know about my emergency Twix).
Jeremy: (I'm so tired. She's gonna have a hell of a job coaxing a hard-on out of me. But I bet she'll manage)
Mark: (Yes, this me-not-loving-her business will sort of put me in a position of power in our marriage. Yes. I win.)
Super Hans: Drugs! Drugs! Drugs!
Super Hans: I'd probably be very angry with you right now, if I weren't so incredibly high.
Jez: Super Hans, are you trying to skin up with your feet again? Because it doesn't work, does it? It just makes a mess.
Jeremy: Why were you phoning me anyway, you big idiot? Mark: Well, I wanted to talk some stuff through with someone didn't I? You big.. dick. Jeremy: What stuff? You're not having gay feelings again Mark? Mark: No, one time that happened.
Jeremy: So you accepted the acceptance? Mark: I had to .. it was check mate.
Mark: She's good for me, Jez. She's dragging me into the twenty-first century with its meaningless logos and ironic veneration of tyrants. It's all good, my friend.
Jeremy: I've got loads of really important stuff to do this weekend. Mark: Jeremy, a carton of Mars Bar Milk, a small bag of marijuana, and a pirated DVD of Anchorman are not important things.
Jeremy: But what's Blair going to do? Super Hans: Maybe he'll become an ethical porn star. Jeremy: Or maybe he'll form a political supergroup. Blair, Bono on vocals, Clinton on sax. Super Hans: Yeah, that's definitely going to happen. Geldof's gonna shit.
Sophie's mother: Oh, you grew a beard. Makes you look handsome, like a policeman. Mark: Thank you. You're obviously very attractive, too. (Ugh! What am I going to do next? Tell her she's got lovely tits?)
[Mark shaves off his goatee] Mark:(Goodbye beard. Hello familiar stupid face)
Jez: (I'm a motherfucker! That's literally what I am!)
Mark: You don't just declare war, Jeremy. You prime the press, you square things with the UN, you make up your reasons.
Jez: (It's almost like a moral decision, but not really 'cause nobody will find out.)
Mark: (Well, this isn't what I expected. You think you're going to play Simpsons Monopoly, and you end up an arsonist.)
Jeremy: Mark, we're out with a man who has guns! You're chucking his daughter and I've shagged his wife. Tonight is going, if a bit weird, extremely fucking well for us.
Mark: (I'm a firestarter! A twisted firestarter!)
Jez: Well... I did see him throw a petrol bomb, but I thought it might just have been a joke.
Mark: This zip... there's no pocket to this zip! Sophie: So? Mark: (So that's the way it is? Let's just put a zip here, a swastika there. Who knows what these things once stood for? Who the hell even cares?)
Jez: [To Sophie's father] He can't hear... Can you, you big fox-hunting, badger baiting, tweed-shirt bumfuck homophobe?
[to Jez, smiling smuttily] Penny: Get yourself a nice tank of petrol. Come back soon. Jez: (Yeah, right, so your husband can kill me and your son can worship my stuffed corpse and you can wheel me out for a fuck. No thank you.)
[Mark has just twisted a bird's head off whilst hunting] Sophie: Teas, coffees for the huntsmen. Jez: No teas for the beastmaster, thanks. He feasts on the blood of his prey.
Jeremy: (Of course he's not allowed to shoot. He's Mark Chapman in the making and I'm very much a 21st century Lennon)
Mark: (He doesn't have anyone to talk to. He spends all day with the trees and animals. This is what happens when you live too far away from franchised coffee outlets)
Mark: (Ugh, "sir". This isn't Tennessee, Mark)
Mark: (Oh God, the first fiancé challenge and I've got a gun. An actual gun. It's OK, it's perfectly normal, this is the country. This is what farmers do. They go around shooting crows, and trespassers, and eventually, because of the EU, themselves.)
[after Mark is forced to spend an evening in a pub with Sophie's father] Mark: (I barely have anything to say to my best friend, what am I going to talk to a fully grown man about all evening?)
Sophie: [to Mark and her father] Hey, nice to see you two getting on. What are you two talking about? Mark: Oh, just...metal. (And the fact that I don't really love you)
Sophie: Bye. Love you! Mark: I love you, too. (It's okay, everyone says it. I say I love Häagen-Dazs and my broadband provider, and I like Sophie more than them. In most respects.)
Mark: Hi, Alan, you wanted to talk about... oh! Johnson: Don't be alarmed, Mark, it's just Tai Chi. Take a seat and I'll just power through. Should take 45 minutes, I'm done in ten. Stick that up your dojo. Mark: Great.
Mark: (I do sort of like it when he's rude to me. Hopefully that's more of a psychological defect, not a weird sexual thing.)
Johnson: In business, Jeremy, you learn that every man has his price, and I judge yours to be... £530.
[about Indecent Proposal] Jez: (Is this a terrible idea? It can't be. It's in a film. They wouldn't put a terrible idea in a film, they'd get sued.)
Big Suze: Sounds like you want to pimp me out. Jez: Pimp me out. Pimp my ride. There's a new climate.
Jez: (God! I only asked her to be a hooker. It's not like I wanted her to work in telesales.)
Mark: Sit down. Clear your tubes. 'Cause you and me are gonna chow down on the biggest hairy motherfucking business shit-storm since Enron.
Mark: (Suppose I can always roll Gerrard out for the sympathy vote. He's my dark secret... my elephant man.)
Mark: Oh right, so, now she's finished with you, suddenly you're in love with her again? Jez: Exactly. Duh! That's how love works Mark.
Mark: (Oh great. I'm going out with literally the worst men in the world.)
Big Suze: Jeremy?! What the hell are you doing here? Jez: Me? Oh. Nothing. I was just passing through... Kettering... And I thought, hey I know someone who's gone to Kettering for the weekend.
Big Suze: You tried to sell my body! I don't want to talk to you. Goodbye [Suze leaves, the Barman stares at Jeremy] Jeremy: I did not try to sell her body. I tried to rent out her sexual organs [beat] on a one-use basis.
Mark: (Oh God. This is horrible. Ughh, she's touching the tube! That can't be hygenic...)
Sophie: And have I lived enough? I mean, I've only slept with four men. Is that enough? Jez: Four?... Oh... Yeah. (Jesus. I've had sex with more men than that, and I basically only sleep with women.)
Mark: You know what this piece of paper says, Jeremy? Jez: Is it something to do with history? Have they stopped history books?
Mark: I'm about to walk into a boardroom gang bang and get fucked by the biggest swinging dicks in corporate strategy.
Jeremy: (Hiding out in a parking lot. He's not exactly Grizzly Adams)
Mark: (I've really done it this time. This isn't a late report or a misspelled memo. This is going feral. Rejecting society and living like an animal. That's not going to look good on my quarterly review)
Mark: (Right, here I go. Palms dry. Mouth dry. Inter-buttock area moist.)
Johnson: I'd just like to assure everyone that Mr. Corrigan will indeed be dead within a month.
Mark: I'm marrying her, what more does she want?
Jez: Mark, are you having some sort of mental breakdown? Mark: I'm just joining the gym. Get some exercise, and some time... not away from Sophie, just... without her. Jez: ..... Mark: You should join too. You get a free pen!
Mark: (Ugh, why did they have to put the bikes right in front of the sexualiser? Be so demeaning to get a bonk-on while exercising.)
Matt: Can you take some more? Can you? Do you want it? Do you want it? Mark: NO! Matt: What? Mark: No, I don't want it, alright? Fuck off! You've made it too hard, I can hardly fucking pedal! No mountain is this hard, it's just not realistic!
Mark: (Ugh, that was horrible. Now he probably thinks I'm embarrassed about the size of my penis. When in fact, I'm not. I'm much more concerned about my misshapen scrotum.)
Jez: [after joining Nancy in the sauna] (Could use my sauna line.) Phwoor. Cor, it's like a sauna in here! [Nancy laughs] (Classic line. That is just a great line. Gotta manoeuvre more dates into saunas.)
Eva: [after being trapped in the flotation tank] I've got to get out. It was so dark! So dark!
Jez: Still, there are worse places to get trapped, right? I mean, you must be bloody relaxed by now!
Mark: (Maybe it would've been simpler just to kill him. I should know how to kill someone by now. I've watched enough CSI.)
Nancy: Matt, violence never solved anything: love thy neighbour as thyself. Jez: Yeah, exactly; fuck off!
Matt: Well, you can't stay hiding there [behind Sophie and Nancy] forever! Mark: He thinks we can't hide here forever. Jez: He obviously doesn't know us at all, does he?
Mark: What a dud evening. Low quality take-away. Low quality detective drama. Low quality sexual intercourse.
Mark: Welcome to the world of work, Jeremy. You know, you don't have to be crazy to work here, but it helps. Jez: And you don't have to be a smack-head to wank off old geezers, but that probably helps too.
Mark: (What should I say? Anything that doesn't mention wanking over your memory for the last twenty years would be good.)
Mark: (I thought she was a frightened little suburban mouse, but no, she's my nightmare: a liberated, sexually adventurous urban woman.)
Mark: If it ain't broke, don't fix it. And even if it is broke, just ignore it and maybe it'll be sort of OK. Like the environment.
Mark: Don't flaunt your wad, Jeremy. It's not becoming.
Mark: (What exactly is my plan here? I've lured them all to the safari park like a Bond villain, but what's the aim? Torture myself with contact with an unattainable woman?)
Mark: I can't believe it. He's actually thrown me to the lions.
Jeremy: You're disgusting. But I like it. Like going to a strip club with the Pope.
Mark: You gave him a hand? Jeremy: Yeah. Mark: Shit. (I knew it, I knew it, I knew it!)
Super Hans: Why didn't you tell me about the wanking-off bit? Jez: Sorry, I didn't think. Super Hans: Well you should've bloody thought. Jesus! Jez: Did you do it? Super Hans: 'Course I did. How do you think I got these trainers?
Nancy: What's going on? Who's wanking who off? Super Hans: Jeremy's been wanking off this bloke for cash. Jez: No I haven't! It's not - Nancy: Jeremy, that is so you. I always knew you'd end up doing something like that. Jez: What do you mean that is so me? That is not so me.
Jez: Cheer up, Mark. At least now you've got a funny story to tell people. Mark: Yes. No, I guess this is a pretty funny story. (One that I'll never ever tell anyone because of my deep and burning shame.)
Mark: (Ugh... More data entry tonight. I guess the only good thing is that my life is so boring it feels like it might go on forever. Maybe I could put on Big Bond Themes and pretend I'm entering data for MI6.)
[with the relationship therapist] Therapist: The sexual problems in your relationship? Mark: Oh! Right. Are there...? Sophie: Well, I just feel, I don't know, unfulfilled. Mark: Unfilled? Sophie: Unfulfilled.
Mark: (Oh great, so I'll be spending £1 a minute to hear how shit I am at sex, that's value for money!)
Jez: (This weekend is going to be one massive dry hump. Maybe the tension will build to the point where we actually try and fuck each other.)
Jez: Oh, that is great. You wouldn't even let me drink your piss. I'm not trying to kiss you, Mark. It's liquid waste.
Mark: (Oh, God, vodka! It'll be an orgy. Great! Disappoint three people instead of just one!
Mark: The whole world isn't Zoo Magazine, Jeremy. People don't just go around wanting it the whole time.
Jez: Warp factor 3 please, Scotty! Mark: (Oh, great. I'm Scotty. He's off cross-breeding with the beautiful aliens and I'm stuck down in the engine room with the probably cancer-emitting fuel cells.)
Mark: (Oh my God! I've entered an interview situation and there's a hand near my cock. This is like that dream I had about Alan Sugar and the Badger.)
Mark: (This can't be real. They're probably Sophie and Johnson in masks and this is being paid for by MTV and the Playboy Channel.)
Jez: (If I don't think about it, there's always a chance it didn't happen.)
Jez: (I'll just throw it in the river like when I had my paper route. Screw you, Murdoch)
[discussing Malcolm's daughter] Malcolm: What do you think of her? Honestly. Mark: (I think she might have a borderline personality disorder.) I think she's... lovely.
Mark: I don't want sweet punani action; I want to take your bishop and grind you down!
Mark: (Fucking hell! He's got Mummy! He's brought a dead dog into my pitch, the stupid bastard!)
Jeremy: (I'm eating dog leg! This is definitely a new low.)
Jeremy: It's just a hairy turkey!
Jeremy: "Mummy" was probably the turkey's nickname. ... It could easily be!
[after Jez has eaten "turkey" (actually the dog, "Mummy")] Mark: Did you actually have to eat it? Jez: I don't know. I keep wondering that. But in the moment, it really did feel like I needed to eat it.
Jez: Did you slink off to bed before we did the melon-off? Mark: I believe I did, and what exactly is.... Jez: Two guys get hard-ons, they put melons on their dicks, the first melon to fall off loses. Mark: Right, and who won - Gore Vidal or Dr Jonathan Miller?
[Nancy is asleep on the sofa] Mark: Nancy stayed over? Jeremy: Yeah. Lovely, clean Nancy all over our filthy disgusting sofa.
Mark: (I'm not marrying out of spite, I'm marrying out of fear. There's a very big difference.)
Mark: (Need time to think. How can I buy some time? Contract TB? But where from? No badgers. Try to get beaten up? I could say he's got a... fat head. Call him a jizz-cock. It's not actually an insult, all cocks are jizz-cocks really; bit like calling him a piss-kidney.)
Mark: Well, you should be more careful you... jizz-cock! Driver: What? Mark: You could have had my legs off you... piss-kidney. Driver: Arsehole! Mark: (Arsehole! Yep, nice insult. Clean, clear and insulting.)
Jez: You OK? Mark: Yeah, yeah, fine. Bit of a wobble. I just proposed to a woman in a coffee shop and tried to get myself run over. Jez: OK. Right. That is maybe a sign that everything isn't totally groovy.
Jeremy: Mark we're in the middle of the road you're gonna get us killed for the sake of your legacy. Stop it! You're not fucking Blair!
Jez: (Am I actually going to piss on the church? It'd be quite a statement. Yeah, baby! Here I go. Richard Dawkins walks the walk but does he actually follow through with an actual act of piss?)
Jez: God I am dying for a piss. I feel like someone's inflating a balloon full of urine inside me. And not in a good way.
Priest: ...Before God Almighty who knows all the secrets of our hearts... Mark: (He's ladelling it on now. Is that in the proper thing or has he just added that to needle me?)
Mark: (Someone save me! Jeremy? Spacemen?)
Mark: (That's it. I've ruined my life! You only get one life and I've ruined mine!)
Mark:: (That's it. I'm alone. Tomorrow morning I'll wake up in my bed alone. Unless... I hire a prostitute. Just for the night. Kind of like a wedding present.)
Mark:: You know you really do smell quite strongly of piss. Jez:: Yes, and your hat and shoe smell of puke, so I guess neither of us are exactly the king, are we?
Mark: (So unhappy. I wonder if anyone has ever been this unhappy while drinking champagne.)
Jez: Mark, double date tonight? Mark: No...what's she like...is she sexy? Jez: Mark, beggars can't be choosers. She's an actual woman. Mark: It's too early, I'm not into it. No, I'm still technically married. I'm not safe to be reintroduced into society yet.
Jez: We might need to tidy up a bit. And we may have to untape the DVD and video and TV and Sky remotes Mark: [disappointed] The Megatron? But....no Jez: It smells wrong. I mean, the Megatron doesn't say 'urban freewheeelers', it says 'sofa masturbators'...y'know
Jez: Here we are. What are you doing? Mark: Friends of the British Museum magazine. Clearly I'm not a Johnny Depp Tony Parsons Hunk of the Month, I need my props, I have my rituals.
Mark: (Jeremy was right; she's an actual woman.)
Mark: (Oh my God! I've already closed on a second date! This magazine is sexual dynamite!)
[Mark and Jez are on a double date at the theatre]
[Jez has left the theatre early]
Jez: (This is amazing. I wasn't meant to be out 'till eleven, and it's not even nine. I've time travelled. I've made time! I could do anything. I'm golden!)
[Whilst giving his ticket to a tramp]
Jez: Here you go mate. Go and see the second half. It's shit.
[Mark comes home to find the flat has been burgled] Mark: Have you called the locksmith, have the police already been? Jez: No, I thought I'd check with you first, coz, I mean what do you call?....or do you do it all online now?
Mark: The Playstation! The memory card! I'd nearly broken through on Medal of Honour. They've nicked 120 hours of quality me time! Bloody hell!!
[Apprehending the burglar] Mark: (I'm wrestling with the white working class! Morse never did this!) Just shut up!! (I'm better than Morse!)
[On the phone to the police] Mark: 45 minutes? But...I'm sitting on him. Is that legal?
Mark: Look, let's just try to continue our evening as if he wasn't here and if he tries to escape, I'll just have to take him down. (I've got balls like baked potatoes!)
[Holding up the Megatron] Heather: What's this? Mark: (Oh, the Megatron is shrinking my massive balls!)
Mark: You know Jez... I've started to get this feeling that I'm totally, totally fucked... You know, I fucked up my wedding, I fucked up my only relationship. Everything's just completely fucked. Jez: You have been thinking this for a while, haven't you?
Mark walks past two of Sophie's friends. They stop their conversation and give him nasty looks Mark: (Ugh.. the gossip mill. That's right, stare at Hess; throw fruit at Hess, pacing his prison yard!)
Jez: This is a chain-on scenario.
Mark: Mmmm. Why toast when you can roast? Jez: Another roast? That's the third today. Mark: What's nicer than a roast? Jez: Yeah, but, chain-eating roasts?
Mark: Ugh no... Heartbreak Tuna! No, just bin it. But not literally - no need to be dramatic. Freeze it. See how I feel in six months.
Mark: If she wants a PR War, then she can have a PR War... I'll Mandelson her! Nobody wanted New Labour, Jeremy, but now we all know how it works.
Mark: Mmmm, Piggin' Tea Break. Cup of piggin' tea and work out my piggin' campaign strategy.
Lisa: Erm, Mark, I just want to say about the wedding... that I think you're a real piece of shit. Mark: Oh... OK. (That's fair. Lisa is a very fair person.)
Mark: Hi Soph, how are you? How are you feeling? Sophie: Well... I want to give things another go. Mark: You... you do? Sophie: No, of course I fucking don't!
[Jeremy plays Barney's music to Super Hans] Super Hans: Yeah, this is raw. Who is this, is this us?
Super Hans: Shit, he's done something there. How's he done that? Jez: I think that what's happening is maybe two or three different musical things, at the same time!
Super Hans: Have you read the Big Beat Manifesto lately? Jez: Did we write it down? Super Hans: The Big Beat Manifesto goes "Big Beats are the best, Get high all the time". Jez: Right. At the time, it felt like a much more all-encompassing philosophy.
Super Hans: I think this is probably the best example of the sort of stuff we'd do we've ever had. Jez: Oh yeah. 'cause sometimes it's really hard actually to do your own ideas.
Mark: (Where do I sit... This must be what it's like being a nonce in prison.)
[after Dobby asks Mark to reach something high inside a closet room] Mark: Ugh...you'll, you'll have to...move. Dobby: Yeah, I should move, but...I might not move. [begins to rub her bottom against Mark's private area]
Mark: (I win because they all think I pissed myself, when they have no idea I came all in my pants!)
[about Jeremey's show in the club Fuckbunker, after Dobby seduced Mark earlier in a closet] Mark: I just wondered if you fancied coming down with me to the Fuckbunker. Dobby: Is that what you call the stationery cupboard?
Jez: (Hmmm... women. There they are, walking around. And they've all got them. Under their clothes. Hiding there. But I know the secret. Vaginas.)
Mark: (I've been caught out! Like Angus Deayton or Harold Shipman)!
Mark: This is piggin' massive!
Barney: I wanna go home. I wanna go home. I wanna go home. I wanna go home. I wanna go home. I wanna go home. I wanna go home. Jez: What's going on? Super Hans: He wants to go home.
Super Hans: [Discussing Barney] He's in a K-Hole right now, but in ten the speed'll kick in. Can a coke and a cig, he'll be right as rain.
Mark: Okay, what now? Go home and roast the shit out of some meat.
Jez: (He's such a tight arse. Won't even replace the widescreen. How are they meant to brainwash me with their adverts if I can't see them properly?)
[Mark is making a list of everything that Jez can consume.] Mark: Toilet paper, OK. Soap, OK. But not shower gel. And no razors. If you're poor, grow a beard. Tea Bags are allowed within limits. Jez:Limits? What Limits? Mark:No making a pie out of tea or anything weird
Mark: You ate your nest egg? You're meant to sit on your nest egg until it hatches, not eat it like some greedy, mad chicken.
Jez: It's not that easy Mark, there's just not that many jobs in the media. That's the reality. Mark: Do something else. Get on your bike. Jez: I can't believe you're making me get a job not in the media. You're such a bastard.
Jez: (Mmm... Delicious Cumberland final straw, dripping in onion gravy.)
Mark: (Ugh, speed dating. That was horrible. No one else seemed to mind. Maybe this is the future. Three minute date, three minute fuck, three minute marriage.)
Jez: So that's what it comes down to, is it? You don't want to bone me, so I'm out - it's that brutal. Have you seen the old man, down by the seaman's mission? Yes - not very fuckable, is he?
Dobby: [sings] Jeff's doing a joke, Jeff's doing a joke, everybody quiet 'cos Jeff's doing a joke! Jeff: Freak.
Super Hans: It's a pisser though, innit - cancer. They should find a fucking cure. Mark: I think they're trying. Super Hans: Yeah, sure they are. They should pull their fucking fingers out. It's important, Mark.
Jez: Twenty thousand pounds. I'm going to be a millionaire!
Super Hans: Wow, nice. Nice gun. Must be, what, a... war gun.
Jez: You've got sarcasm. I've got a big gun.
Mark: (It's Paddy Ashdown. It's Indiana Jones. It's Indiana Ashdown!)
Mark: (Why doesn't Jeremy want you to be his dad? I want you to be my dad. I want to sit on your knee right now.)
Martin: Do you write at all? Mark: Well...I did once start a business book and I've always fancied doing an article about the evacuation of Greece in 1941 for the local paper. Not that it would really fit in with all the kebab shop stabbings.
Mark: (It's fascinating. Everything that can kill a man is fascinating... guns, electric chairs, paracetemol, lead piping)
Mark: (This is great! Why was I anxious? I'm in my element. Older people are still people. They're just people who think when they open a new window on the computer the previous window has disappeared for good.)
Mark: (YES!!! No-one else I know would have found that funny, but I was right to think it was amusing!)
Mark: (I would literally stab a baby to do it!)
Mark: (This is a fantastic evening. I've become a military historian and Jeremy's future happiness rests in my hands...And I've got a tiramisu. This is fucking amazing!)
Super Hans: Jez - can you tell me, yeah, as a mate, someone who knows me really well, is the bottom half of me on fire?
Super Hans: Come on Mark, don't piss on my strawberries.
Mark: (Is she straight? Gay? Doesn't bother me, just nice to know. It's not like I'm a homophobe. But it's good to know who you are. Stay safe. Praise the food, the lukewarm, disgusting food.) This food is superb.
Jez: How was the rest of your evening with Peaches Stalin?
Jez: It sounds like you've been raped, by a soldier, like in a Mike Leigh film.
Jez: Hello Natalie, how's your dad? Mark: Jez, don't. Natalie: Yeah, fine thank you. Jez: Enjoying my money, is he? Is he lying in a bath of my money nude, after having sex with my mum nude?
Mark: (I'm having an orgasm against my will!)
Jez: You, my friend, are a rape victim. [...] Do you have feelings of guilt and shame, self-loathing? Mark: You know I do - don't load the question!
Mark: It wasn't rape, alright? It was just a minor sexual assault. She didn't force anything up my bum - that's why it's not rape. Jez: Well, it's not bum-rape, no. Super Hans: Never said it was bum-rape, Mark.
Mark: (Maybe that was actually good sex? Loosen up, Corrigan - that's what happens in the bedroom now: no old fashioned fumbling and kissing, a lesbian rapes you whilst you dream about your mother. It's edgy.).
Mark: (Please don't shit on my dreams. I don't want shit on my dreams.)
Mark: War is never a picnic. Although obviously soldiers do end up eating outdoors a lot.
Jez: If they can't get to Corfu, they can't spend my money. That's physics.
[Cally is signing up Jez and Super Hans' band] Cally: Any questions? Super Hans: Yeah, there are certain countries within the European Union that I'm barred from entering. You got a problem with that? Jeremy: I'm a very sexual performer. Are you going to be able to handle that?
Jeremy: Wow, we've finally met the man. And the man is a woman. And he's hot!
Jeremy: Wow, this is definitely happening. Okay, got to focus. It's very important for my future career development that I give my manager an orgasm.
Mark: (Jeremy's getting a manager. I'm getting divorced. Maybe he'll end up happy and successful and I won't. That would be typical! I do everything society demands and die in a ditch, he sits on his arse an accidently shits a golden egg!)
Super Hans: We want to wallow in our own filth, Mark. Have a good old fucking wallow.
Super Hans: A suitcase with wheels? Real men don't get the earth to carry their luggage for them, mate. They carry it themselves.
Cally: I thought you were a business brain Mark, but you're better than that. You're what my grandma would call 'a real piece of shit'
.... Cally: Do you want to date? Are you a dater? Mark: (Well, err, I have been out with women...so I guess...)
.... Mark: (Wow, I've got a date! I'm a real piece of shit! I bet those two things go hand-in-hand. I bet if I got into defrauding pensioners, the pussy would really start rolling in.)
Mark: (God, I can't believe I'm dating someone I really like. I've done it right! I've done it right for once!)
[Mark and Jez are at a Christian rock festival] Mark: (Look at them all - the Christians. It's not fair. I could be that happy if I believed in a lot of rubbish.)
[Jeremy's been baptised] Jeremy: There's like a 1 per cent chance the whole Jesus thing is true. In which case I'll have something to pull out of the bag on Judgement Day.
Mark: (Oh God. He's in a raft drifting towards Niagara Falls, flicking through Heat magazine with one hand down his trousers.)
Jeremy: We'd be selling our souls. Super Hans: Well, we'd be selling our souls to Jesus. Isn't he the best person to sell your soul to? It's his whole setup.
Jeremy: So, did Cally tell you about her and me...much? Mark: No, no, God no. Don't worry, nothing like that. (She stopped him in the middle! I'll save that for a rainy day! That's money in the bank!)
Jeremy: (Christian security guard? What's he gonna do, excommunicate me?)
Mark: (The one is giving me the finger and driving away. There's the familar gut punch of pain and loneliness. Hello, old friend.)
Mark: (I feel guilty about everything, from the pollution caused by Chinese industrialisation to not wearing some pairs of boxers as much as others. I'm sorry, stripey blue - you're just too tight.)
Mark: (Dobby - the acceptable face of woman. I hardly have to modify my behaviour at all in her company. I really think she might be the one.)
Mark: (Is that... it? No sarcastic putdown, no casual kick in the balls? Maybe it's because she's been smoking drugs... Good old drugs).
Mark: (Maybe I'm Shaft. Maybe I'm Trump. Yeah, I'm Trump, in my dirty, wiggy tower.)
Mark: (Look at me! Drunken one night stand. I mean, she is my wife. Still, finally got to use my bachelor's emergency condom.)
Mark: (Sperm is like lending someone less than a fiver. You can't really ask for it back.)
Mark: (Hope she's not pregnant. It's been ages, she hasn't mentioned it. She won't be pregnant. It's not like I'm a Royal Marine with super sperm.)
Johnson: I'm not running a rehab clinic. This is a maximum security business institution.
Mark: (Oh fiddlesticks. Of course, I'm having a baby. Great, I'll probably drop it or it'll grow up and write a bitter memoir about how distant I was.)
Mark: (Just gotta say the right words - can think about what they mean later.)
Mark: (Oh my God, I can't fire anyone. I'm like British Leyland in 1976.)
Super Hans: You should just get a van. With a van, it's like you've got an MBA, but you've also got a fucking van. You're not just a man anymore - you are a man with a van. You get a van, Jez, we could be men with ven.
Mark: OK. Keys, change, wallet, phone. OK. Jeremy: Jesus.. You are something else. Mark: Thank you very much. Jeremy: (He took the insult as a compliment. Shit! He could become invulnerable!)
Sophie: One small spritzer, half a unit. Should I have got written permission? Mark: Listen to her, she's exaggerating for comic effect!
Mark: The recession is here and my new sofa is a white elephant. Jez: [Stroking the leather] It's a creamy elephant! Mark: Please don't call it the creamy elephant.
Mark: (I'm becoming the Fuhrer - the Fuhrer of Laughs!)
Mark: (I'm Russell Brand, and he's lovely Andrew Sachs.)
Jeremy: Oh my god! It's wheels within wheels! I've been invited inside, with the bean counters and the water boarders! Mark: (At some point he's going to find out what goes in sausages.)
Mark: I thought I might do a skit with Dobbie. Jez: Oh, I get it! The smell of the grease-paint, the swish of the curtain, the rub-job in the dressing room.
[Discussing both being fired] Jeremy: They've really screwed us, man! Mark: They've screwed me, they've diddled you at best.
Mark: (Well, got Dobbie, but there goes the Nazi gold, back in the vault with all the Rembrandt's')
[Mark and Jez see Elena at the supermarket] Mark: She is very attractive. But brown rice and Pop Tarts? Camomile tea and economy vodka? That's a car crash of a shopping basket.
Mark: (He actually thinks he has suave spermatazoa. He characterises his sperms!)
Mark: [Trying to operate the new boiler] Obey my commands, Orac!
Jeremy: Mark, just because today was the first time you have ever, ever, EVER successfully arranged a date with a woman, does not suddenly make you Alfie, ok?
Mark: Why do you insist on seeing the anus as some sort of human USB port, just waiting to have all kinds of hardware plugged into it?
Jeremy: Fork my leg. Mark: I do sort of want to but... no, too weird!
Mark: We are not equals-pequals!
Mark:You haven't drunk all the difficult conversation wine, have you?
Jeremy: Just because I'm dealing a little bit of drugs it does not make me a drug dealer! Mark: Yes it does. Jeremy: Oh god. Come Mr Taliban, tally my bananas!
Jeremy: (Yeah! Russian men are probably all infertile! Thanks Chernobyl!)
Mark: Condom, condom, condom. Although maybe, two? Dobby: Two condoms? Mark: Two's company. In fact, maybe I should go for a third. Three is the magic number. (I've got to tell her. I couldn't slide this in anyway. It'll be like trying to clingfilm an earthworm.)
Mark: Shove that up your bollocks!
Mark: (Dobby: the anxious self-hating man's crumpet. But probably best if I never ever say that to her.)
Mark: (Oh my God, there's a baby in there, about the size of a croissant. A terrifying, life-altering croissant-baby!)
Jez: Oh and I saw the porn she was looking at! Man, it's hot! She's got great taste, it was the most fantastic porn I've ever seen. Mark: Isn't it just the usual dead-eyed men fucking dead-eyed women in a desperate world of pain?
Jez: I don't want to tempt fate, but I think everything is going to be totally great forever.
Jez: Always wipe, Mark. Discharge your pipe, then have a wipe. That's the rhyme.
Jez: Oh my giddy arse!
Jez: She's the one person for me, in the whole world. Mark: Isn't it convenient that out of the approximately three billion adult women in the world, your one true love happens to live in the same block of flats as you, instead of in a village in Mozambique?
Mark: Why does everything have to be fun to be worthwhile? Crick and Watson have discovered the double helix. Did they do it on a skateboard? No? Well fuck off then, I'm not interested.
Sophie: Obviously it would be really great if you were happy but it's not the most pressing thing. Mark: No... no, of course not.
Jez: Why do you have to bring worry and doubt into everything? You're like some kind of mad evangelist for anxiety! Mark: (Lots to go around old son. I'm probably a few grams lighter now.)
Sophie: When our child looks up at you, I want them to see a happy, contented role model - not some grey faced, dull eyed drone who's hated his job and his life for years. Mark: (Must ring Dad).
Mark: Oh dear, he's having an episode. Should I... put my hand on his arm? No. That sets a precedent.
Jez: I don't want to take another wank bullet. What, am I some kind of wank shield!?
Mark: I think we can count our friendship pretty much over from now on. Jez: Oh, don't be a cock! Mark: I'm not a cock, but the cock has certainly crowed... thrice. Jez: When? What are you talking about? Mark: It means you've betrayed me, it's the New Testament. You cock!
Mark: I don't think I wiped off that porn you recommended. Jez: I didn't recommend it Mark. I'm not Timeout. Mark: Yes you did - you gave it five stars!
Mark: That's the single nicest thing Jez has ever done for me and it's completely ruined my life.
Jez: It's a great boiler, it's just got a very idiosyncratic control panel. It's like the Jesus and Mary Chain of central heating control systems, difficult to get into initially, but then- so much to explore!
Jez: So you'll buy tissue paper for me to wipe my sphincter, but you won't buy a bit of lube to aid the giving and receiving of pleasure? Mark: That's right.
Elena: Gail's in Mensa. She reads books. For fun!
Jez: Me and this Gail, we're just eating from different sides of the plate. I play woodwind, she's on brass.
Johnson: In, fire thirty percent of the workforce, new logo, boom, out. You are now a fully trained management consultant.
Johnson: Stick it on the laterbase!
Johnson: Print you damnable fudger.
Elena: Isn't there a saying in life: "Whatever you don't know makes you stronger"? Mark: No.
Elena: Maybe it would be better if you told him. Mark: Better for who? For you?
Gail: I'm in a relationship, Mark...and it's a same-sex relationship. And I don't find you attractive. Even speaking objectively. Mark: (Great! The big triple: uninterested, unavailable and physically repulsed.)
Mark: (It's NOT wireless! It doesn't say it's wireless... It needs wires!)
Jez: (What a bastard! Destroys my perfect love just because it's built on lies!)
Mark: It'd be like picking off bystanders with a sniper rifle: fun at first, but it would quickly become a depressing chore.
Johnson: Suze! Have you seen the big scissors? Have you moved the big scissors?
Jez: Even a dried up, dessicated old branflake on toast like you should be able to see that! Mark: (If I'm a branflake, he's a slutty Sugar Puff!)
Johnson: Did you make the bed? You're not my wife, Mark. I had a wife, I don't need another bullet in the head...okay? Righty righty! Mark: (I made his bed and got his tea, I am his wife!)
Jez: I'm like Raffles! No? No clothes for Raffles. Raffles doesn't deserve clothes.
Jez: You've known for two whole days! That's...sick!
Dobby: Hey Mark!! Mark: Hi Dobbs. I just happened to be passing. I remember you were saying if I happened to be passing.. (Two buses here, three buses home. Five convenient buses.)
Mark: (Oh god this could be a disaster. I want a night of edgy banter and tipsy indiscretions, he wants us all lying around in our pants flinging shit at each other.)
Jez: Big of you, inviting him. Mark: I thought it would look petty and vindictive not to, and as a petty and vindictive individual I have to take extra care not to appear petty or vindictive.
Mark: I need to get Gerrard incredibly fucked. Booze, drugs, whatever. Jez: Chemical castration; classic.
Jez: Will you excuse me? I've got to go and give that ill-looking man an enormous drink.
Mark: Only downside is no Dobby. If it peaks before Dobby gets here, I've wasted good party. Jez: Maybe call her? Give her some flavour. Mark: What, like start a message and then say "Stop it Julio. Get your own cocaine, I've got too much tit in my mouth."? Jez: Exactly
Jez: Oh god, Elena. Mark: .... Jez: This is not all my chickens coming home to roost, Mark, all right? Don't stand there thinking it is. Mark: I'm not Jez. (This is all his chickens coming home to roost. It's a roost-a-thon.)
Mark: Good Will to all men! (Did I just say 'Good will to all men')
Big Suze: Mark - there's something wrong in the loo. Mark: (God, she looks like she's witnessed a war crime.)
Super Hans: All right Jez. Jez: Yeah, um, just an idea, would it be okay mate if you fucked off before I ram a wine bottle up your cock?
Mark: Dobby, Come in. No need to explain what the hell you've been doing till this time.
Mark: Dobby mustn't see Gerrard. He's gone over the edge of reason. Get rid of him! Jez: Aye aye, captain.
Jez: Gayle. Great you could make it. Gayle: Hi Jez. Jez: (You're about to get dumped. Have a lager.) Gayle: Thanks! Jez: (Come on in to your emotional torture pit.)
Sophie: What days do you want, Mark? Mark: (I don't know, Easter and Shrove Tuesday?)
Jez: (She's so suggestable, like a sexy robot anybody can hack into and program. Oh there it goes, lesbian kiss - and no one minds! Where are all the homophobes when you need them? God, people are so fickle.)
Mark: (Great. Gerrard gets Dobby and I get a pukey bucket of snake.)
Jez: (Oh what a disaster. Love is all you need. No, actually, Beatles. You also need a person to do it with; Beatles.
Mark: (God she's huge. It's like Alien, if the alien was a human. Hmm, If I had to choose would I rather an alien burst out of my chest quickly, or was heaved out of my vagina slowly?)
Mark: (He'll never be a lad.Boy to geek to drone.Thats the Corrigan trajectory)
Mark: Sophie? Jeff says the baby's a boybe. Is it a boybe? Sophie: Yes! Mark: Right... almost makes it seem real. Sophie: Well it is real. Mark: Of course. (Totally doesn't feel real. maybe 1% more real now)
Mark:(I'll stick with My high fat foods which will eventually kill Me and My play which is obviously never gonna happen)
Jez:(This would be so much easier if She wasn't a person with hopes and dreams and grasping clinging Arms)
Mark:(Its great being a wedding guest.You get to be an unpaid extra in the climactic scene of someone else's Rom-Com)
[Sophie hands Mark an envelope] Mark: (Hate mail? In person?!)
Mark: The absolute worst thing anyone could say about you is that you were a selfish, moral blank, whose lazy cynicism and sneering, ironic take on the world encapsulates everything wrong with a generation. But you my friend are not evil.
Mark: Killing your enemies is a simple solution. Probably why in ethics and law it's so frowned upon
Jez:(No milk. Not black tea. I'm not some kind of monster!)
Mark:(He brings the insufferable music and then leaves. He's like the 1980s.)
[Mark on Caesarian section] Mark: (Holy fuck, living innards! I thought now it'd be all high tech, chip and pin, not London Dungeon!)
Mark: (Never go to war with Stalin, Gerard. Uncle Joe doesn't play by your rules.)
[Supporting the woman whose partner is in a coma] Jez: We need to get you some answers. Is he going to pull through? You need to know. (I need to know. Right now I'm the supporting character in a weepy when I want to be the leading man in a porno.)
Mark: [Watching Jeremy try to read Wuthering Heights] (Fascinating. It's like watching a sheep try to use an iPhone.)
Jez: Why do they have these brushes anyway? Who wants brushed post?
Mark: Jeremy, do you think we could take a brief time-out from the masturbate-athon that is your life, to go to my son's christening?
Jez: I'm a Christmasist.
Mark: I would have found that funnier if I hadn't been literally weeping in fear.
Jez: Not the Hootenanny! Never the Hootenanny! We're better than that.
Jez: (We could be the Chemical Toilet Brothers.)
Mark: (So great that Dobby's agreed to move in. Just gotta close the deal. Get her into the flat and keep her locked down like Fritzl. No, not like Fritzl, like a nice normal loving guy who knows where she is at all times. Which at no point would be locked in the cellar.)
Jez: Jeff?! Mark: I think it's okay. Or do you think there's any chance he's trying to kill all of my offspring. Like Herod.
Dobby: Oh, Jez, Mark told me about you burning the band. Are you okay? Jez: Yeah. I'm too big to fail. Mark: He doesn't know what that means. Jez: I do know what that means. Mark: (He doesn't know what that means.)
Mark: (What if I broke the microwave? Test case: if she buys a new one I know she's never moving in.)
Mark: (Yes Gerrard, but there's a sting in the tail, a scorpion in the Kinder Egg, a nail in the Toblerone, and... 'tis I.)
Mark: (Maybe Ian won't remember I gave him away to another man. If he does, he'll be some kind of memory genius. Yeah, my son hates me, but he can remember a full deck of cards and that's why he lives in Vegas.)
Jez: I've always got the Three 0h Walcott millions. Mark: Jeremy's planning to sell the headline "Three Oh Walcott" to a tabloid newspaper when Theo Walcott turns thirty, and we've agreed not to argue whether that's a good plan. Jez: It is a good plan. Mark: I know.
Jez: (Right, therapy. What do I really want from therapy? A harsh, unremitting stare at the bare facts of my actual life. Ah, fuck that, he's eating a Twix! I can't take him seriously.)
Mark: (Hang on, this is prime therapy time. Oh I get it, the lady doth eat bhaji too much, methinks. I've seen behind the curtain. Ahoy there, moral high ground. He's wasting five hundred of my pounds, and it feels fantastic!)
Mark: What did he die of? Dobby: Flu. Mark: He died of flu? Hey, Jeremy, Gerrard's died of flu. Jez: Bull-shit Mark: Seriously. Jez: Bloody hell, that is SO Gerrard. Mark: I know. Dobby: He had a weak immune system Mark. Jez: He had a weak everything, to be fair Dobs.
Mark: (The reproachful, but still quite irritating, voice from beyond the grave.)
Mark: (Funeral parlour, massage parlour - those are the main parlours, aren't they? What's the link, both lying down? Except, pizza parlour?)
Mark: (Interview then funeral, the ultimate combo. Minicab waiting, same outfit for both.)
Mark: (This is a mega-funeral. It was a mega-interview. Hugh was the only real rival, but look what's happened to Gerrard. This is what I do to rivals, I put my rivals in the ground.)
Mark: (Well played Gerard, you couldn't beat me on Earth so now you're shitting on me from heaven, like a dead jealous pidgeon)
Mark: (This must be the greatest quantity of squeezable mustard ever present at a literary lunch.)
Jez: Look, I'm just going to say this. I love you Celia. (So great for a first date. Stone cold classic.)
Celia: That is so true. Jez: (Of course it's true. I just made it up.)
Mark: Robert, is Super Hans my boss now? Have you just promoted him? Robert: Well that depends how you define "boss". Mark: In the normal way? Robert: Then yes, he is.
Super Hans: I'm guessing: cat Mark: (Yes, and this cat's going to help me lure Dobby in, like a classic 70s paedo with a Ford Grenada.)
Dobby: We will do this for real, right? We will go interrailing? Mark: (Ohh, she's insatiable. I don't want to sleep with strangers in hostels and never have a proper relaxed poo.) Yeah, sure.
Jez: I've got medical training, I've got a certificate. Mark: I gave you the certificate. It's utterly meaningless. Jez: In a way, aren't all so called qualifications meaningless?
Mark: (Wow, you're like a sexy, human, Duncan Bannatyne.)
Mark: (Am I expecting to have adulterous sex with Stephanie? I don't know. I did put my nice pants on. But then I also wore those to the Jubilee pageant)
Mark: (What can I get away with before it's sure-fire infidelity? A kiss on the lips? Some people say hello like that. Touch the waist? Another innocent greeting gesture. As long as she doesn't rub my penis. No-one says hello like that, other than in prison.)
Jez: (You're not letting me steal your girlfriend you total bastard.)
Jez: (Good old fate. It does the hard work so you don't have to. Or am I thinking of flash?)
Mark: Well, me and Dobby make a great team... Opposites attract! Jez: No they don't. Not really. That's just something scientists and people in horrible relationships say.
Mark: I'll kill you, Jeremy, for trying to steal Dobby, and electrocuting me, and destroying my fucking pie!
Hank: Ma Venture didn't raise no fools! Dean: W-we don't have a mom, Hank. (long, awkward pause) Dean: Last one to the hanger's a rotten banana! Hank: You're a rotten banana!
The Monarch: You see, just like the flawless monarch butterfly from which I take my name, The Monarch has many ways to sting. Cabbie: (weakly) Monarchs... don't sting...
(Senzuri has just been discovered next to the Ooh ray) General: He wasn't trying to steal it, he was masturbating like a teenager with a fast internet connection. Hank: (puzzled) Mastur... what? Dean: (equally puzzled) Like an evil master plan?
Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the gilded lily, twenty for the Roman holiday, fifty for the old Walrus 'n' Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can sleigh ride down Kilimanjaro.
Dr. Guevara: I am sorry, Señor Venture. Dr. Venture: Doctor. Dr. Guevara: Sí? Dr. Venture: No, 'Doctor Venture'. What's Mexican for 'doctor'? Dr. Guevara: Doctor.
Dr. Guevara: I realize I am a Tijuana doctor, but even we have scruples. I could lose my license to practice...Mexican medicine.
Hank and Dean: Dad! Dean: We knew you wouldn't let us down. Hank: And just in the nick of time too - Monarch was gettin' all 'creepy uncle' on us.
Hank: (trying to pick a lock) Double dammit! Dean: Hank, you said the double-d word!
Dr. Venture: (after being attacked by a frightening green creature) What the hell was that? Brock: Chupacabra. They're all over Mexico.
Brock: How long can you live if you're not hooked up to him? Dr. Venture: Oh, I dunno...a couple of hours? But they'd be awfully uncomf-- (Brock yanks out the tubes connecting Doc to H.E.L.P.eR.) GAH!
Hank: This place is tits!
Hank: Well, sure. H.E.L.P.eR. looks like a dried-out turd on a bad stretch of road.
Brock: You get the boys. I'll take care of these guys. Dr. Venture: Are you sure? There's an awful lot of them. Brock: (left eye twitching) They hit me with a truck.
[after his henchmen have kidnapped the Venture boys and brought them back to the lair] The Monarch: But see, that's what I'm talking about! Now Venture'll send Samson after the rest of us, and he'll go totally sickhouse on our asses. I LIKE my ass, gentlemen.
Dr. Venture: [After waking up in a tub of ice with a note explaining that his kidneys are gone] "Oh! Not again! Wait a minute...One..." [Checks his other side] "Two... oh...This is serious."
Dr. Venture: Oh sweet mercy, tell me these suits have a collection pouch.
Col. Manstrong: Sharky's Machine!
Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: Off! Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: Off! Dean: It's on! Dr. Venture: That's called 'blinking', boys... Hank: "Now it's just regular on."
(after being rescued from being in space without a spacesuit) Brock: Gonna...go...lay down...for a...second...
Brock: Oh yeah, the pain. It's not so bad. I hacked up some blood a couple of minutes ago and there was this pink chunk about the size of, uh... one of those little kiwifruit, but I don't feel anything missing, so I'm not too worried.
Hank and Dean: Phantom Space Man!
Hank: I hate Phantom Space Man!
Lt. Baldavich: I don't have to take this! Col. Manstrong: That's because you already took it ... in the lap. From ... not me!
When Brock goes on sabbatical, two of Dr. Venture's enemies clash over who gets the honor of killing him. Brock: Bionic, huh? Let's see how bionic. (he kicks Summers in the testicles) Steve Summers: (in agony) Ooof... right in my Cape Canaverals!
Hank: But Pop, you're bleeding! Dr. Venture: Uh? Oh, this. Uh, no, it's fairly common for some men to lactate involuntarily in situations of extreme stress. Hank: (pointing to Dean's wet pajama bottoms) Dean's lactating too!
Dr. Venture: Right now, G.U.A.R.D.O. doesn't know you or me from a squad of Snake People hopped up on PCP.
Hank: H.E.L.P.eR.'s done it. Hank and Dean: Go Team H.E.L.P.eR.!
Hank: Yeah, but did you get the first aid kit? Dr. Venture: I don't need first aid, Hank, I need you to stop choking me and hitting me with fire extinguishers.
The Monarch: Venture and I have been engaged in a deadly game of cat and also-cat for years!
Soldier 1: Who was that? Soldier 2: Brock fucking Samson! Soldier 1: No way! Dibs on his cigarette butt!
Hank: What are you, on the rag? Dr. Venture: (exasperated) It's impossible for me to be on the rag, I'm a ... I can't believe I'm even arguing about this with you! What men's room did you pick up that kind of trash talk in? (the boys point at Brock, who shrugs)
Dr. Venture: I- that's it! The deal is off! I don't care if you are rich, I don't have to take this crap from a gimp!
Dean: I spy a... um... (shuffling through cards) huh. I don't have a card for that one. Hank: If you don't knock it off with the wildlife cards already, you're going to be spying my foot up your wow-hole, Dean. Seriously.
Dr. Venture: Brock? Thank God! His freakin' panda's trained to put me in a bag!
Dr. Venture: Ooohh! Ah ha ha, now I see. You know, it took me a minute, but I just got it. Brisby: Got it? So you'll come aboard? Dr. Venture: Oh, no no no. What I just got is that you're like a total jacked up freaky-deaky crazy pants!
Molotov Cocktease: You KILLED my FATHER! Brock Samson: After you killed my partner. Molotov: You took my EYE! Brock: After you took...my heart. (They pause, awkwardly, and kiss)
Brock: You don't want to shoot me, boys. You know me. You know what I'll do to you if you do.
Dr. Orpheus: By the crimson shame of Lord Valisinta, I command you...OPENNNNNNNNNN!!
Hank: Dean that's great and I can't wait to hear all about it, only Brock's stuck inside Dad's thing that makes people happy. But it's all evil. Dean: I dare you to make less sense. Hank: I was on the floor and I heard everything! And I have a plan!
Dr. Venture: Heeey, if I pull this candle down, will it...? Dr. Orpheus: ...get wax on my carpet? Yes.
Dean: Is your name Pumpkin? Triana: No, it's Triana. Doesn't your dad have a nickname for you? Dean: Well, I've heard him call me 'Dave' or 'Don' a few times, but I don't think they're nicknames.
Triana: Who's that big guy who's always washing his car in front of your place? Dean: Oh, that's Brock. He's my dad's bodyguard. One time I saw him kill a guy with a sock full of party snaps! Triana: (facetiously) Did the guy's head get blown off? Dean: (proudly) Yes it did.
Dr. Orpheus: (in typically melodramatic tones) Evil has struck the House of Venture! The air reeks of an ill wind! Yea, though I have smelt it, that hath dealt it!
Brock: Nice rescue, boys. You saved me from the only woman I've ever loved... with a hat that smells like a men's room... and we're still here.
Dr. Venture: (outside the bathroom with robe and towel) Dean, what the hell are you doing in there? I need to take a shower! Dean: I'm practicing being a boyfriend, Pop! Dr. Venture: (sidling away, horrified) Uh, never mind, Dean.
Dr. Venture, Sr.: Ground control to Major Tom, your circuit's dead! Connection down! Can you hear me Major Tom? Can you hear me? MAJOR TOM!
(as Brock beats up the fake ghost pirate) Pirate 1: Oh crap, he's getting his ass kicked, let's go save him! Pirate 2: You crazy? My sword's made of cardboard.
Pirate Captain: Hey is that guy dead? Brock: Yeah, probably.
Pirate Captain: You're not a very good liar, Dean, are ya? Dean: Maybe...
Hank: Brock, if pirates really exist, I mean, Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy could even be real, right? It's like, all bets are off! Brock: Hank, nobody ever said pirates don't exist. Hank: So you agree with me that this is impossible.
Brock: Hank, if there was ever a time in your life I needed you not to be Hank, it's now. Hank: Uh, sorry, Brock.
Brock: Focus, Hank! Whatever you do, don't light a cigarette. A good sniper can see a hot cherry for miles. Hank: Brock, I don't smoke! Brock: Good. Now's a lousy time to start.
Jeanie: Tom, it's your wife, sweety. You're dead now - it's time to go.
[Dr. Ventures has just encountered the ghost of Major Tom] Dr. Venture: [shivering under a blanket] His eyes! Crazy eyes! Accusing me! [a pirate hands him a warm drink] Dr. Venture: Who are you?
Pirate Captain: (having mistaken Brock for Dr. Venture) Your dad has a bodyguard? Why would he need a bodyguard? The guy's a tank.
Dr. Orpheus: Do you have a pen? Hank: To use as a magic wand? Dr. Orpheus: To use...as a pen, Hank.
Dr. Venture: (recording an entry in his journal) Oh yeah, I lost my locator, and yes, I realize the irony of that.
Dr. Venture: Cancel the mission abort command! Re-bort, do you copy?!
Dr. Venture begins a new job working for his former professor, while Brock encounters an old friend who has a deadly warning. Pete White: It's like wearing nothing at all. Like a second skin. Dr. Venture: Ummm, you've got a little something brown on your nose.
Dean: Brock, I think I figured out why the plane crashed: There were skeletons driving it! (points to the charred remains of the pilots)
Hank: Cool! I'm not going to explode anymore. And plus - free invisible mom. Hank and Dean: Go Team Venture!
Prof. Richard Impossible: There's a reason Ned's boots have velcro instead of laces, honey.
Brock: (examining Race) Race Bannon... those bastards killed him! Hank: Those kids? Damnit! We let 'em go!
(to the boys' disgust, Race Bannon's corpse defecates itself) Brock: Yeah... they never show that part on TV.
Dr. Venture: (stranded in the Arctic) If this is about what I saw, I won't tell anyone! Prof. Impossible: (stretches himself to the flying car and flies off) I know!
Dr. Venture: (after being stranded in the Arctic by Prof. Impossible) ...I CHEATED ON MY DAMN MID-TERMS!
(his jumpsuit having fallen apart, Dr. Venture is wandering naked through the snow) Dr. Venture: Oh, great, Venture! Thousands of square miles of empty arctic wasteland and you somehow manage to step in the one spot of yellow snow!
Dr. Venture:Crap, who am I kidding? My looks are going down the toilet faster than an unwanted pregnancy on prom night.
Dr. Venture: So, I guess this is goodbye. I will remember these last few days with you as the happiest of my life. Well except for the caterpillar part, I mean.
Dean: Hear that? I'm in charge. And I think it's just about little Hanky's bed time. Hank: Oh, take a bow. [Hits him in the crotch] Dean: Yahtzee!
Bartender: [To Brock] You got it, ape-drape. [Brock growls] A bud for captain mullet head. [Brock begins to draw his knife]
Bartender: [as Brock leaves] Leavin' us so soon, hockey hair? [Brock represses a scream because he isn't allowed to kill him]
Agent Tester: This test will, uh, test your proficiency with firearms, you'll have two min- Brock: Uh uh. No guns. I don't use guns. Agent Tester: The nine millimeter Glock is standard issue to all agents in the field. You're required- Brock: Guns are for sissies.
Dr. Venture: So I said, "Listen, my Dad invented UNIVAC, so I think I would know!" Well, that uppity little T.A. didn't give me any more trouble the rest of the semester. Dr. Girlfriend: [forces a laugh] You dog, you.
Hank: [hands Brock a tiny lunchbox] I packed a lunch for you. Bologna and cheese. And I cut the crusts off the way I like. Dean: And I downloaded a bunch of crib notes into your communicator watch. You get stuck on one of the hard questions, just look it up.
Brock: [He eyes a glass of raw eggs that Hank has given him] Did you spit in this? Hank: Don't eyeball me, Samson! Drink it!
[Hank and Dean are wearing girlie exercise outfits] Hank: Come on Brock, you need strong cardio-vascular agility training! Brock: [pause] No.
Dr. Venture: You don't need a license for operation "Get Me Some".
The Monarch: Tell him you're going out with the girls tonight or something, I don't care! Dr. Girlfriend: He's not buying it. The Monarch: Ooo, I know! Tell him you think it's moving too fast.
(a stripper performs for Brock and Dr. Venture) Dr. Venture: She's looking at me, what do I do? Brock: Give her five bucks. (Venture clumsily puts the bill into the stripper's thong but fumbles for change)
Dean: Don't worry, Brock. You'll be able to kill guys again in no time!
Dr. Venture: Oh, you're back! You didn't miss much. Oh, one of them [the strippers] was dressed like a cheerleader and said she was 19, but she had a Caesarean scar and her face had more lines on it than a mirror at Studio 54.
Dr. Venture: Grandpa. How dare they! I'm only 43. I'm still a young man. Maybe a little frayed around the edges, but who wouldn't be between my work and raising two boys?
Bartender: Hey, if it isn't Frankenmullet. What can I do you for? [Brock slaps his new liscense to kill on the bar. The bartender turns, looks at it, and Brock launches over the bar at him]
The Monarch: Dr. Girlfriend, would you come over here with me for a moment. Dr. Girlfriend: (oblivious to the situation) Oh I guess the muscular one is alright, but the boy is just going too far. Can't we just use the puppet again?
Dean:Hank! I had my pubes shaved. I'm gonna put them under my pillow for the tooth fairy! Hank: Did the doctor see that creepy dog dork of yours? Dr. Venture: Hank, don't brag to your brother about your circumcision.
#24: Boss, there's a monster down here! #21: I think it was two ninjas taped together to make one giant ninja! #24: I saw it climb the wall, it was a giant spider!
The Monarch: Hank. Hank! I am your real father! Hank: No way. No way, that's not true! The Monarch: Psyche!! Ha, sucker! You were all (mimicking) "Oh daddy, you're my daddy!" You are so gullible! What is that like?!
Brock: Why haven't you tried the world domination thing? You scared of the big leagues? The Monarch: Please, how stupid do I look to you? World Domination. I'll leave that to the religious nuts and the Republicans, thank you.
Mr. One: (indicating Brock to the rest of the team) This is Agent Samson. You will know him and refer him only as Team Leader. His whim is your command. If he tells you to put on a dress and dance... I'd better see those moneymakers shakin! Am I understood?
The Monarch: (needing to go to the bathroom) Oooh, wow. That hoagie went right threw me.I need to make a desposit at the bank, so to speak.
The Monarch: (after using the Venture household restroom) Honestly, what kind of jackass leaves every door unlocked? I'm not going to flush. Let them see the wrath of the Monarch!
Dr. Venture and Brock are kidnapped while attending a funeral, and the boys turn to the original Team Venture for help. Dr. Venture: Why is it every time I need to get somewhere, we get waylaid by jackassery?
Dr. Venture: Is my tie on straight? Brock: Yeah. Can't really miss with a clip-on.
Col. Gentleman: Careful Lad. Those hands of his are strong enough to crush a boulder. Yet delicate enough to crush a butterfly.
Dr. Orpheus: (grabbing Action Man's hands and concentrating for a moment) Two years, seventeen days. Action Man: What? Dr. Orpheus: From a stroke. GOOD DAY!
Col. Gentleman: Despite his racial handicap, Kano here is a crackerjack pilot. Why, he could land her on a puffin... or a smurf!!
Pete White: Oh for Pete's -- for my sake!
(Action Man farts) College Student: (after a brief pause) Dude, you beefed.
Dr. Venture: Oh, come on! You're gonna kill me because I had fake sex on graph paper with a girl who barely spoke to you in real life?
The Monarch is finally on trial, though it may be for a crime that he didn't actually commit. Statue of Olee Jemeema: Oooooh! My arm came off! I can't believe that happened!
The Monarch: While you were wasting your time castrating a priceless antique, I was systematically feeding babies.... to hungry mutated puppies!
Dean: Saliva is nature's glue. Hank: And raisins are nature's candy!
Dr. Venture: If I knew you could just call the cops on him, I would have done it years ago! Because I'm no sissy, no sir. I would just pick up that phone and... "Officer, there's a man in a butterfly suit shooting my robot with a laser beam."
Brock: The police keep out of the way of the Guild for the most part. Who do you think supplied them with new cruisers last year? Dr. Venture: My tax dollars, for one. Dean: Santa Claus, for two.
Dr. Orpheus: Hug me! The Monarch: Fine. Whatever gets you off, man. Just don't go for the reach-around, because The Monarch doesn't swing that way.
The Monarch: (drunkenly addressing a big, muscular cop in a tight uniform) Look, Officer Poncherello... the second in command just left me. So why don't you put your fat Tom of Finland ass back on your big gay bike and go home?? This is none of your beeswax!!
Dr. Orpheus: Pumpkin, get me my cloak! Triana Orpheus: Why don't you wear the ... Dr. Orpheus: Alright fine. GET ME MY BLUE WINDBREAKER!
Waitress: What can I get you? Dr. Orpheus: Well, you see, I made this purchase of a homeboy from your vending machine.
Dr. Orpheus: Consider this your final warning. You do not know the risk you are taking. For a whisper from my lips could open your mind to a world of arcane tortures!
Dr. Venture: What else do you want? Do you want Dean? You could have Dean. He could carry you on his back, like Master Blaster.
Waitress: What'll it be, sugar? Dr. Orpheus: Your flask of sugar appears to be filled. But your concern is noted; now please, stand to the side.
Dr. Orpheus: That's a Home Boy. But be careful, that houses the souls of TWO FOULMOUTHED REDNECKS!!!
(after the boys have been shot to death) Dr. Venture: All right... get their clothes.
Doctor: Sorry sir, medical personnel only beyond this point. Brock: I go where he goes. Doctor: Oh... you must be his "partner" then? Brock: Not really, it's more like I work for him...WAIT A MINUTE - NO!!
Dr. Venture: What would I do without you, Brock? Brock: (nonchalantly) You'd be dead.
Season 2[edit] Life goes on after the tragic deaths of Hank and Dean in this Season Two opener. Meanwhile, the Monarch deals with life "inside."
Young Hector: This Aztec calendar says today is your lucky day!
Swifty: (Mumbling) I used to be pretty. Yeah but not no more, look at my nose...
Dr. Orpheus: But I am, by trade, a necromancer! You know what that means, right? Brock: Uhh, you have sex with dead people? Dr. Orpheus: phile! Necrophile! A necroMANCER can bring the dead TO LIFE!!
Dr. Orpheus: (on whether he actually saw the boys) Saw them!? I made them a fucking MILKSHAKE!
Brock: (asked to put the immature clones back into their "incubators") I hate touching them, they feel like giant Stretch Armstrongs.
Dr. Venture: Look, if you have a clumsy child, you make him wear a helmet. If you have death-prone children, you keep a few clones of them in your lab.
Dr. Orpheus (talking to Triana about raising the dead): Stop crying, pumpkin. I've done this hundreds of times. David Blaine,Evel Knievel, both daddy's clients. As was Ronald Reagan, until he bounced a check.
Dr. Venture: [To Half-Formed Corpse] Hank! You are never to call your father a crumb-bum in front of company!
Dr. Orpheus: No shower for Byron Orpheus!
Dr. Orpheus: (to Triana) Now don't touch any of this. You could accidentally make the cat huge...or something.
Dr. Orpheus: Who is your grief counselor? Mother Teresa? How can you be so nonchalant about this? My stupid talismans and I have made movie monsters from your sons!
The Monarch: Et tu, King Gorilla?
[Dr. Orpheus is standing in a ring of candles with a shovel] Triana: ...What're you doing? Dr. Orpheus: I like digging. Can't a man leave his home with a shovel without an inquisition?
Dean: I look like Santa's magic janitor.
Dean: Don't say it. Hank: You look like the Mayor of Candy Land.
The Monarch: SHIT! Mall cops! Henchmen, retreat!
#21: Awesome! We are BACK, dude! #24: You heard him. I'll pick you up in five. Be outside. I don't want to have to talk to your mom. #21: Oh, I will BE there!
#21: Henchman 28! Front and center! #28: You want me, you roll your big ass over here. And I done told you, my name is Number One!
The Monarch: There's just so many buttons... so... so many buttons!
Phantom Limb(Speaking to Brock Sampson): I have removed the bullet. And three others, a blowgun dart, two shark's teeth, a tip of a bayonet, a twisted paperclip, and a meager handful of buckshot. You may want to learn how to duck.
Phantom Limb: Let's go! Brock: I thought for sure you were gonna hit me with "lock and load." Phantom Limb: The night is still young!
Brock: Hey, that killer hand thing is pretty cool. Can you get me one of those? Phantom Limb: That's all me! The outcome of a botched experiment that made me evil. Brock: I so called that!
Phantom Limb: Well met! You did that with his own finger? Brock: Eh, it's just one guy. Phantom Limb: You showoff!
Dr. Venture: What am I supposed to do with these, tell their fortunes? #21: They are Magic: The Gathering cards, not Tarot cards. You can toss them at their heads. Well, you catch a corner with one of those and they'll know what hit them.
Phantom Limb: Oh yes, apart from 'Behold-the-Giant-Walking-Death-Ray' speech, the 'Welcome-To-Hell' speech is my favorite.
Phantom Limb: You told me you never put a tracer on another man!
Phantom Limb: [To Dr. Girlfriend] He's only a man...and no man is immune to your charms. Brock: Pfff...'No man'. I'm still looking for the scars on her. [The Limb shoots him with a Tranquiliser Dart] Phantom Limb: [Defensively] What? I'm a supervillain.
Hank: Who are all these people? Dean: Are they all mommy's other boyfriends? Dr. Girlfriend: Stop calling me your fucking mommy!
(Hank waves to Molotov) Hank: Hi! I'm Hank! (Molotov exhales her cigarette smoke in his face)
Dean: Why is my brother dressed like that? Molotov: I didn't ask. I thought you two liked to dress like idiots. Dean: Hey!
Dean: ...and Hank, I don't know what his deal is, it's like he's actually enjoying this. Kim: The Scooby-Doo kid? Where'd he go? Dean: He's swimming laps... uh oh. (Hank is unconscious at the bottom of the pool)
Hank: Father... Dr. Venture: Yes, Hank? Hank: I want to kill you... Dr. Venture: That's nice. Play pirate somewhere else, boy. Your father's busy. Molotov: Hank, nyet! Hank: Molotov... I want to... oh baby!!!
The Master: Orpheus, you are my best and brightest pupil, even if you do taste a little salty. You're ready, Orpheus. Now get the hell out of this closet and go win that incredibly gay contest! Go! Go!
Goggle Guard 1: I have more bullets you know. You gotta stop doing that. Goggle Guard 2: I know, it just looks so cool... Goggle Guard 1: Well go get it! Goggle Guard 2: Fine.
Osiris Priest: Give me the Hand of Osiris! Dr. Venture: Give me head. Osiris Priest: You didn't just say that! Dr. Venture: I absolutely did. What are you gonna do about it? Osiris Priest: (confused) I'm... about to kill your sons. Dr. Venture: Join the club!
Dr. Venture: Hank! Get off those spikes. It's not a ride. Hank: Awwww.
Brock: I gotta admit I always wanted to get Edgar Allan Poe in a headlock. That thing is like a pumpkin!
Dr. Orpheus: (answering phone) Dr. Orpheus, master of mysticism. Dr. Venture: Uh...Orpheus, it's your landlord. We're trapped in a cliché. Use your fake impossible magic to get us out of here.
Master Billy Quizboy: (questioning why anyone would want to break into their trailer) It's industrial espionage, you've come to steal our great ideas. You've been foiled; we have none!
Pete White: I vote Billy! Dr. Venture: Seconded. Alright virgin, get on the target!
Dr. Venture: Well at least you hit this time. Anything happen? Pete White: Nah. Nothin'. I told you the phosphates were too old. Master Billy Quizboy: No... It worked. You shrank my lungs!
Captain: Jesus Jones! (pause) Ah, now there was a band.
Dr. Venture: (waking up from a bizarre dream) Oh, I thought I was done with those crappy dreams. Grand Galactic Inquisitor: That was a weird one. Venture: Great, you can read my mind. Grand Galactic Inquisitor: IGNORE ME! (pause) Yes, I can.
Hank: (upon entering Colonel Horace Gentleman's private chambers) Are you t'home?
Jonny Quest: Are you cops?
Grand Galactic Inquisitor: Someone left a baby! (after a pause, he reluctantly picks up Rocket) Rocket: (babbles) Grand Galactic Inquisitor: IGNORE ME!
Prof. Impossible: Please! This is important! Sally Impossible: What could be more important than your family, Richard? Prof. Impossible: (baffled by the question) Sssssss-science?
Prof. Impossible: (as Brock bolts his cheek to a wall) Of all the intolerable bugaboos!
Grand Galactic Inquisitor: (exiting a taxi) Good news, sample subjects of Earth! The glorious moment of judgment is upon you! Taxi driver: Hey! It's eight-twenty on the meter, stretch! Grand Galactic Inquisitor: IGNORE ME!
"Jonas Venture": Oh, Rusty. You were never alone. Those stars... well, okay, you can't see them right now because we're in the city, but those stars, they're always watching us.
Sea Captain: (Upon watching Jonas Venture Jr and Mrs. Impossible meeting) Hoo-ah, you can almost hear the old humpbacks a-callin'.
Phantom Limb: Oh fuck... great, I think I killed him.
Brock: We might not win this one. You get to the panic room! Dr. Venture: Okay. Just let me finish peeing on myself...
Dr. Venture: (weak from blood loss) If you don't come save me, I'm going to fire you Brock. Brock: (over the radio) You gotta try to hold on, Doc! I'll be back soon! Dr. Venture: Brock... You're fired...
The Monarch: (sighing) Steak fries... always soggy.
(Brock jumps through the bathroom window) Dean: Naked!
(After a dramatic pause, Brock and Phantom Limb shake hands) Brock: Ha ha ha, for a minute there I thought you were gonna do your killer hand thing. Phantom Limb: So did I.
Kim: I'm gonna be a supervillain. Hank: Yeah, I'm gonna be Batman! Venture Bros.: Go Team Venture! (They do hand signal in the air) Triana Orpheus: Dude, I warned you. Kim: I think I just found my first archenemies.
Dr. Venture: (about Billy's hand) How'd that happen anyway? Master Billy Quizboy: That's an excellent question. I have no idea.
The Ventures crash land in Ünderland. Baron Ünderbheit captures them, obsessed with taking revenge on Dr. Venture, but mistakes Dean for a woman. Brock, Hank, and Dr. Venture are meanwhile rescued by Catclops and Girl Hitler's underground resistance group.
Hank: Ow! Dean: What's the matter? Hank: My tongue keeps getting caught in the mouth slit. Dean: Don't stick it in the slit then. Hank: I can't help it! It's maddening.
Manservant: He's here, your graciousness! Baron Ünderbheit: Who? Manservant: Dr. Venture, your... Baron Ünderbheit: Say it again and it will be your last... time... saying his name.
Baron Ünderbheit: Ooh, my sweet little Rusty, how many years have I longed for this moment? How many years has it been since... COLLEGE!?!
Baron Ünderbheit: Say hello to goodbye, Dr. Venture!
{The X-1 is going down) Hank Venture: (in the fetal position)I'm the bat I'm the bat I'm the bat I'm the bat...
Dr. Venture: Lock down auxiliary power! Brock: Gotta make it to the border!! Dr. Venture: Chewie, lock down auxiliary power!
(The X-1 is crash landing) Dr. Venture: Minefield, minefield! Brock: I SEE IT!! Dean Venture: Everybody into the black box! It's indestructible!
(Brock Samson has just handed Doctor Venture a tooth containing arsenic) Brock: Don't take all of it. Doctor Venture: Or else what? I'll accidentally overdose on poison?
(Hank scouts around the corner and sees several Underland Guardsman. He silently gives Brock a complex series of commando-style code gestures) Brock: You have no idea what that means, do you? Hank: Sure I do! Brock:You're just having fun with your hands, aren't you? Hank: No...
(a block from the pantry wall falls and a resistance agent peeks out) Resistance: (gasps) Who are you? Hank: The Wallflower! So we meet again!! Brock: Nah, nah, the Wallflower had that thing on his head... Dr. Venture: Lamest. Villain. Ever.
Resistance: You haven't come to rescue us? Then why did you bring the Bat person? And Chewbacca Wookie?
Dean: I'm not a woman! I'm a boy science adventurer, like my father before me! (drops robes)
Catclops: You mess with the cat, you get the clops! Girl Hitler: Yeah, und you mess with the girl, you get the Hitler! Catclops: Marry me.
Baron Ünderbheit: Catclops? So you survived? Wait a minute, the cat hairs in my water! (lunges at Catclops) OF COURSE!!
Baron Ünderbheit: Is that what you think? Oh that is rich, I will have to tell Manservant that one. And he will have to laugh.
Dean:Wow, a girl president! How progressive! Hank: And a Hitler! Boy, things are really looking up!
Hank (To Dean, while lying on the floor, bleeding) I cut my tongue on my mask.
#24: Boooooo!! #21: Ah! Dude, I was about to kill you! I have dangerous cat-like reflexes. #24: Oh yeah, you were terrifying when you crapped your pants.
Hank: (reading Triana's message in the bathroom mirror) "I'm in the Torrid Zone. Call my feather". We need to find her feather!
Hank: I'm in the bathroom and you gotta get in here! It smells like... like gun powdered-throw up-poo poo eggs!
Triana: Ooohhh, Hank! What is wrong with you? Dean: Right? It smells like a bible story in here. Triana: Did my grandpa teach you to crap?
The Monarch: Oh, but which door to choose? That one can have fun, surprises, and a year's supply of Turtle Wax behind it.... (the prostitute opens the door, and a polar bear pounces on her) ... or the polar bear from Lost!
The Monarch: (to the prostitute) I don't blame you for desiring me...the Monarch is DELICIOUS!!!
Dr. Venture: (trying to explain the birds and the bees to Dean) I'm going to explain to you what most boys your age (pauses) have known for like five years already.
Brock: (watching the guild candidates attack the walking robotic eye) Well, I'm gonna go out there and get some of that action. Dr. Venture: Uhh... Don't you wanna change? Brock: No way. I love wearing a tux when I kill guys. Makes you feel kinda like James Bond.
Order of the Triad: (Dr. Orpheus, Jefferson Twilight, and the Alchemist do their "thing") Order of the Triad... Go! Dr. Venture: Get out of my kitchen.
#24: I can't believe that whore stole my Stanza. #21: I can't believe that whore made it through the lake of acid.
Dr. Venture: Alright Dean,I,er...need to talk about a few things with you. Dean: Hank did it.
Dr. Orpheus: Do not drink the chocolate milk!
[Brock has just had an unfortunate run-in with Hauser, a member of the Secret Service] Doctor Venture: Friend of yours? Brock: We were in 'Nam together. Doctor Venture: Oh. Wait, you were like 10 during Vietnam. Brock: Well, I didn't say during the war.
Doctor Venture: Hey, Bud! Or is it Budley? Budward? What's Bud short for? Bud Manstrong: Nothing. It's just Bud.
Hank: Dude, what is your damage? Dean: I saw something! I think this place is... haunted! Hank: Aw, you're just being superstitious. Dean: I am not! Just extra-stitious.
[Hauser is about to shoot the portable forcefield generator to shut it off] Doctor Venture: I wouldn't do that. They're nuclear batteries. President Breyer: Nuke-a-lar? Doctor Venture: Well, that's not actually a word, but yes.
Lincoln's Ghost: Venture Brothers! Dean: (screams) Lincoln's Ghost: You must help me! Colonel Manstrong is going to assassinate the president! Dean: Hank! Wake up! It's the ghost of Abraham Lincoln! Hank: (waking up) Who?
Hauser: (to Brock) Nice one. Everything you touch turns to suck. It's official.
Doctor Venture: Oh, no, they called my brother? Could this be any more embarrassing? (mockingly to Dr. Venture, Jr. through the forcefield) Yeah, all right, hi! I see you! Go to hell!
Lincoln's Ghost: Oh, FDR. He was a real president. I loved to watch him sleep. Weight of the world on his little polio shoulders. The depression. World War II. He slept like a baby. Now that is a clear conscience. This Breyer guy, though, he's the worst president I've ever seen!
Lincoln's Ghost: My Lincoln sense is tingling! Manstrong's making his move!
Lincoln's Ghost: (diving at Manstrong) Here comes the Rail-Splitter!!
Lincoln's Ghost: (after getting shot in the head by Mrs. Manstrong) AHHH! DAMMIT!! NOT AGAIN!!! WHY IN THE HEAD???
Doctor Venture: (seeing replay of crashing Gargantua-1) I knew it! Told you this clown was no hero. He just blacked out in the middle of a hand job. Lincoln's Ghost: Uh oh.... Someone's playing with his Lincoln Log!
Bud Manstrong: MY GOD IT'S FULL OF STARS!! (passes out) Lincoln's Ghost: Penny for his thoughts.
Dr. Orpheus: I must consort a higher power!! Wait here while I go to my daughter's closet.
Dr. Orpheus: It stopped! It seems interested in this automobile. Tell me, is it associated with some recent sin of yours? Dr. Venture: Pfft. I wish. I can't remember the last time I got lucky in that car. Unless you count the dollar I found under the seat.
#24: Oh, that's right! Come on in! Don't knock or anything. After all, I only live in a cocoon with 80 guys and no women. So there's NO chance I'd be masturbating...
Myra Brandish: Oh, you're up! You can relax. The nightmare's finally over! Hank: Um... no it isn't.
Myra Brandish: [Dives across the room, grabs a shotgun] Hush-a-bye!
[Hank awakens tied up on a dirty old mattress inside an abandoned motel room.] Hank: Well isn't this new and different!
#21: You can silence me but there will be others. Semper Fidelis Tyrannosaurus! Dr. Killinger: It's Sic Semper Tyrannis. You said, "Ever faithful terrible lizard." #21: I did? Cool.
Dr. Girlfriend: Well, I hope you're as good at fighting as you are at talking. #21: Hell no, look at me! You're the weapons expert. [Watches her defeat the Black Guard effortlessly.]
[Dr. Orpheus is trying to check out of a motel in his usual attire, and meets the catsuited owner, Myra Brandish] Dr. Orpheus: Isn't it a bit early for a costume party? Myra Brandish: Why, are you throwing one, Dracula?
The Monarch: What the hell is she doing here?! Dr. Killinger: This woman has come to rescue you. The Monarch: From what?! Dr. Killinger: From loneliness, you silly billy.
Dr. Killinger: Compromise, my friend, is the essence of diplomacy, and diplomacy is the cornerstone of love. [Singin] Sweeeeeet looooove.
Dr. Orpheus: [To Brock] Ah, but we two souls have shared a cheese sandwich more than twice!
Dr. Orpheus: [with dramatic flourish] Who is Hector Molina?! And why do they keep sending me his Junk Mail?!? Ted: Head's up, kids! Think we may have stumbled unto a Dracula factory!
Ted: (after seeing Venturestein) Correction! Dracula-Frankenstein factory!
Dr. Orpheus: Don Rio is a transcendent multidimensional genius, Brock. His every word an onion of infinite leaf! His every Pearl - [Vomits into a bucket] - Oh. Yes. This is coming on now.
Brock: Hey, you know what? I think I... I feel a little bad about killing that guy. Dr. Orpheus: [Brock's POV, he is shimmering wildly as Brock begins to hallucinate] Yeees, my friend, a splendid first step indee- [vomits again]
Ted: C'mon, Sonny. Mystery. Sonny: Fuck your mystery, man...I...I'm sick! Ted: [holds up a prescription bottle] Sonny... bet you'll come out for some Groovy Treats. [Sonny scrambles out of the Mystery Van and falls in the mud, to the amusement of the gang]
Dean: Why do we have to eat breakfast with your dead guy? Dr. Venture: Venturestein's been through a lot, Dean. Hank: Venturestein! Dr. Venture: You like that? Hank: Sure do, Pop! Dr. Venture: Good boy, Hank. Dean, right now Hank is better than you.
Brock: It's bad, Doc, real bad. The boys saw their own clones. Think they're in some kind of... saw your own clone...coma.
Dr. Venture: More power! I must have more power! Look Brock, his fingers! They're twitching! Brock: Yeah, well, a stiff will do that if you shove a gigavolt up its ass. Dr. Venture:: No, he's alive! ALIVE I tell you! Brock: Uh, sure Doc.
[POV opens eyes] Brock: Holy shit.
Groovy the Bloodhound: Painted lips!... School-girl outfits!... And zer pretty hair, Sonny... zer hair needs to be punished, Sonny... Sonny: Would ya give it a rest, Grooves? Groovy the Bloodhound: Start doing zer Master's bidding! Yer already filthy wiz wrath and sin!
[Looking at a globe] Hank: Where the heck did they put African America?
[Upon discovering the room filled with slug clones of the Venture Brothers] Ted: You're not ghosts! You're the fucking Boys from Brazil!
Dr. Orpheus: [Referring to Venturestein] Is that man dead? Dr. Venture: Uh, no. Dr. Orpheus: Once again Mr. Venture you cut decency to the quick and leave her to die in prostitute ally! Venturestein: Prostituuuutes!
Val: The few remaining men will exist as studs, breeding in the cow pasture. Or they could go off to the nearest suicide center where they'll be quietly gassed to death. Ted: Come on, guys! [Val gropes Patty's breasts] Patty: Val, don't.
Dr. Venture: (To Dr. Girlfriend, flirtateously morose) I brought you something blue.... me....
Phantom Limb: Revenge, like gazpacho soup, is a dish best served cold, precise, and merciless. The Monarch: Yeah, yeah, you can never have enough precision in your soup...
Phantom Limb: Go! Her shit's by the door in a box marked 'hers'.
The Alchemist: I'm here! And I've got some fancy beer and some chips guaranteed to be... extreme! Dr. Orpheus: (Amazed) How is that possible...? The Alchemist: I don't know, by putting a lightning bolt on the bag.
The Alchemist: But being a magic super hero that keeps chasing the same guy? It's completely gay. That is coming from a guy that voluntarily has sex with men!
The Alchemist: And then, like that wasn't enough, I ended up with a raging case of crotch cricket. And did I get an apology? Hell no! I got a, "eh, I'll call you." (sighs) Still waiting for that chestnut.
(Phantom Limb's helicopters descend on The Cocoon seconds before the priest declares The Monarch and Dr. Girlfriend man and wife) Phantom Limb on Video screen: Monarch, this is the Phantom Limb. You are surrounded. The Monarch: OH! DICK MOVE!
Hank: (Faking Russian accent) Hello-ski, I am, how you say...Russian-guy-o-vich!
#24: Brock Samson, slayer of men. Slayer of hench men.
As Phantom Limb makes his stunning power play, only Brock can rally The Monarch's forces to mount a defense. The fate of almost everyone in the Venture universe hangs in the balance as The Sovereign reveals his true identity and guys and stuff explode all over the place.
Henry Killinger: I wish you both very much luck in your life together...what's left of it.
Phantom Limb: Monarch! What say you? Monarch: I say what kind of loser can't get the hint that he's been dumped? Phantom Limb: So it's okay for you to kidnap her, but when I do it I'm a loser!
(The Cocoon is being attacked) Brock: Hank! Hank: I'm cool! Brock: Okay. Try not to die! Go find your brother, we're leaving.
(As the Guild choppers begin the attack on the Cocoon) Cocoon Navigator Engines online! The Monarch: BOOK!!!!
(Hank watches the fight between Phantom Limb and David Bowie) Hank: Whoa, check it! That's, like, Dracula versus Yoda in there!
Dr. Girlfriend: I'm fine! I was pinned under... I think it's Phantom Limb's leg... The Monarch: Give it here! I want to kick his smug, limey face in with it.. (Monarch notices David Bowie moving into earshot as he said "limey") ....oh.....
David Bowie: Well, gotta run, luv! (kisses Doctor Girlfriend) Villainous coup to squash; Strangers to execute; you know how it is! Congratulations both of you! (shape changes into an eagle) Ta!
(David Bowie transforms into an eagle and flies away.) Brock: Doc, you're OK. Doctor Venture: I swallowed a gold filling during the crash, so we have to hook up the metal detector to the toilet again. What did we miss? Hank: The guy from Labyrinth turned into a bird!
#21: So The Sovereign recorded Station to Station?! #24: And ChangesOne? I love that album! #21: Could you be a bigger poseur? ChangesOne was a "best of"!
Monarch Henchman: Come on! Come on! I wanna go with you guys! The Monarch: Fuck off! It only seats Two! Two!
Klaus Nomi: Did ve win? Iggy Pop: Kinda. Get the girl. A bonus. Free smokes, man. [Klaus drags Dr. Girlfriend away by her hair going pass the Monarch's henchman] Iggy Pop: Don't bother stamping your feet. We don't do encores.
Manotaur: What, is this some kind of revenge hit? I'm retired from archvillainy! Phantom Limb: No-one retires from Phantom Limb's shit-list!
Dr. Henry Killinger: I am Doctor Henry Killinger and this...is my resume.
[Dr. Orpheus is trying to read Dr. Killinger's mind] Dr. Henry Killinger: Your powers are useless on me, you silly billy.
Dr. Venture: (somberly) Brock... am I a bad person? Brock: Doc, what the hell just hap... Dr. Venture: Am I, Brock? Brock: (pauses, then rocks his hand in a "kind of" gesture) Ehhhh......
[After his weapon mis-fires] The Alchemist: I swear, this has NEVER happened before...
Master Billy Quizboy: [reading] "Notice of hostile takeover"? Venture - what a dick! Wait, we're not even a publicly traded company. Pete White: Oh, FYI, I issued some shares back when we needed cash for the Nintendo Wii.
Dr. Henry Killinger: You will never be able to reach your full potential until you first confront your deep-seated fear of success. Now get into the bag. Dr. Venture: What's in it? Dr. Henry Killinger: Only what you take with you.
Billy Quizboy: White, I just remembered something... Pete White: What? Billy Quizboy: Everything...
Pete White: Hello, Goldilocks? This is Casper. Little Nemo has fallen out of bed.
Shore Leave: Oh, and Hunter, Wayland Flowers called, and he wants his Madam back. BOOM! Col. Hunter Gathers: Yeah? Well, the Village People called, AND THEY WANT YOU TO GO FUCKING KILL YOURSELF, YOU PRANCING BASTARD!
After an insulting encounter with OSI agents in flamboyant costumes, resembling the Village People. Col. Hunter Gathers: This place has gone to hell in a ham sandwich since they eighty-sixed the dress code.
Prof. Fantomos: (covering when Billy is at the door) I'm...sorry, Sheila, but if I extend the deadline for one student, I'd have to extend it for all of them. Sheila: Well, thank you anyway, Professor Fantomos.
Col. Gathers: Congratulations lad, you're a fully matriculated student at State University. Billy Quizboy: I kinda wanted to go to MIT Col. Gathers: [Rips open his shirt] And I wanted to be born with big, beautiful TITS! [to Brock] Make some lemonade with this, will you?
[Dr. Venture and Billy Quizboy are confronted by a giant gorilla...] Billy Quizboy: Don't move! They can smell fear... Dr. Venture: Can they smell urine? Billy Quizboy: That's like liquid fear!
[Dr. Venture and Dr. Quymn are about to make love.] Dr. Venture: Looks like I found my cure for impotence after all! Now if I could figure out a way to bottle that ass, I'd be a multi-millionaire!
Hank Venture: There was even talk of french toast! But there was none to be had.
Jefferson Twilight: Damn it, Orpheus! I almost had that bloodsucker. Aww, now I got the blue balls in my blood eye.
Jefferson Twilight: I go where the blacktion is.
Jefferson Twilight: [bitterly] You're not my mama. She was taken by marauding blackulas when I was 10.
Dr. Entmann: And let me tell you somethin' about ants! You know that whole "Ants can lift a hundred times their own weight" thing? It's a myth! Think about it. What's an ant weigh? Like, nothin'. What nothin' times a hundred? Brock: Uh...nothin'? Dr. Entmann: It's nothin'!
Dr. Orpheus: Perhaps I should cast a spell of protection on the machine. Jefferson Twilight: No! No magic! Remember what happened last time? I'll be damned if I'm gonna walk outta here in Aquaman Underoos!
Dr. Dugong: Man seeks a good time, but he is not a hedonist. He seeks love! He just doesn't know where to look. He looks under the beds of whores and in the hot stem of a crack pipe. He should look to nature! Gentle aquatic mammals have all the answers!
The Monarch: (upon seeing Dr. Dugong for the first time) Ugh, you're all flesh-colored and...how much Thalidomide did your mom take?
Kevin: Why can't we get a straight answer? Tim-Tom: I just saw mum's clean panties. Kevin: Oh, when she was crouching? I tried not to look. Were they- Tim-Tom: They were white panties, Kevin. White. Kevin: (sighs) White.
Henchman 21;: If I had a lady like your wife, I'd be with her right now and I'd be brushing her hair and then we'd explore our feelings. The Monarch: If you had a lady like my wife, you would be in an alternate future where dogs talk and birds have human pets.
[Ned jumps into the rear seat of Professor Impossible's aircraft] Ned: Ya! Super-car go! Go car!
Action Man: I can't believe you slept with... Killermanjaro! I had no idea he... Col. Gentleman: Neither did he, 'til the day he tried to ambush me in the middle of a threesome with Gore Vidal and Wally Schirra.
Brainulo: [Telepathically] You fantasize about conquering... the mother from Growing Pains?! Pete White: Oh, yeah, that episode where they showed her in the bathtub?
Dr. Venture: ...but it's a melee, you live for that crap! Brock: I'm your bodyguard, not your brother's. He can put out his own fire.
[The old Team Venture and Brainula are on the boat heading towards Spider-Skull Island] Brainulo: I remember, when this was all under water. Action Man: Thats always sad when that happens.
Ned: I'M FLYING!!! MAKE A HAPPY SMILE!!
The Cocoon's lightning cannon seems to have actually invigorated Ventronic The Monarch: (disappointed) Ohhh! Our lightning cannon SUCKS! Who loaded it with robot food?!
The Monarch: What the fuck is that thing? Dr. Mrs. The Monarch: Ummm, I think it's a giant robot with a ice cream cone for one of its arms. I think.
Dr. Mrs. The Monarch: I gotta ask this, is there a reason why you are always using 21 and 24? The Monarch: I know it sounds crazy, but they both have the rare blend of expendable and invulnerable that makes them the perfect henchmen.
Brock: So you just wanna kill the Monarch? You want to shoot him, and his wife? You could take his cattle, burn his village down.
Pirate Captain: (after getting shot with tranquilizer darts) Oooohhh...It's like gettin' sucked off by an angel!
Billy Quizboy: White! White! Get in here! Pete White: [shudders] Congratulations, you discovered pornography.
Kano: ORB? Master Rusty has found ORB? (laughs) Did he find it under the couch while looking for change?
Brock: I'm gonna need some wheels. Hunter: (climbing onto the table and thrusting his crotch in Brock's face) You can take mine. But you are not gonna like looking for the keys!
Brock: Damn it Hank, if we get out of this alive, I'm going to kill you myself! Hank: Na-ah, you don't have a license to kill anymore.
Brock just laid down two tracks of oil slicks
The X1 takes a hit from a SAM fired by Herr Trigger Brock: BUSEY! Everybody instantly fastens their seat belts.
Holy Diver(Shore Leave): Let's kick Trespass-ass!
Dr. Girlfriend: (taking Sgt. Hatred's handie talkie-shaped cellular phone) That's a big cell phone. Sgt. Hatred: I'm a big boy!
Jean-Claude Le Tueur: When I am your age in Paree, at night I would go up to, uh, on ze...ze rooftop? Eh? And I imagine zat I am ze Batman. So cool. Hank: Well, when I was my age, I jumped off my roof in a Batman costume. I think. I might have just dreamt it.
Jean-Claude Le Tueur: (as he strangles Brock) You cut off your hair?? Why you do zis? You had such a cool look!
Jean-Claude Le Tueur: This sword was forged by Ikkansai Shigetsugu, master swordsmith of the Nihonto Tanren Denshunsho. Brock: Oh, man, shut up already. Why do you sword guys always gotta talk about how cool your swords are?
Brock and Le Tueur are battling in the next room, which Dr. Venture mistakes for Hank and Dean rough-housing Dr Venture: This is why daddy has to DRINK to RELAX, boys!
Brock: [to Dean and Hank after impaling Le Tueur with the sword] Look up the number for a guy called "the Cleaner". Call him and tell him we've got a Damien Hirst in room 202.
Sgt. Hatred: Look at us. We're hiding from our true selves. I'm a fighter, not a lover. And you...you were Rusty Venture once. Maybe the most fearless boy adventurer ever. Doc Venture: Maybe the most?
Season 4[edit] Sgt. Hatred: Hank, I will give you so much money to not shoot your dad.
[Brock jumps out of an airship; Helper starts beeping rapidly] Brock: No! Helper! Whatever you do, do not engage your helicopter blades! You'll kill us both! [More rapid beeping] Brock: . No, I won't. Just ... trust me.
Dean: How can you say that about Hitler? I love Hitler, and Hitler loves me! He's not so bad - Hitler just needs someone to believe in him! Can't you just give Hitler a chance?
Sgt. Hatred: Alright, everybody out. I gotta - I gotta wipe. Dr. Orpheus: Good lord. Have you been using the toilet under there this whole time? Sgt. Hatred: We are at war with Hitler again! This is how it's done on the front lines, soldier!
Dr. Orpheus: This dog has a great evil in him! 21: That is learned behavior. That's the owner's fault usually. You have to show them that you're the alpha male. Dr. Orpheus: Not even the great Cesar Milan could whisper this hell hound!
Dean: The doggie made a poo-poo. Dr. Venture: Great! Some fucking master race!
Dr. Venture: [handing Hank the comic book] If you're so excited about worthless garbage, you want this too? Hank: Yeah, totally! [Takes the comic book out of the sheath, upon which the value and CGC rating begin decreasing] What? What's this crap? Where's Batman?
Brock: What're you gonna do, little man...woman?
Brock: I can cross "Stab Hitler to death" off my list of cool crap I thought I'd never get to do. Hank: Brock? Brock: Hey Hank. Killed Hitler.
Dr. Venture: Shit! It's Chuck Scarsdale! Hide or we're gonna be on the news!
Hank: Hey um, do you think maybe you could put in a good word for Batman for me? Captain Sunshine: GET OUT OF MY SANCTUM SOLARIUM.
The Monarch: Henchman 21, there's a taxi idling in the driveway awaiting his fare... slay him!
Dr. Venture: ([upon finding Dean passed out] Dean! Noooo! [picks up the headphones] Oh, my God, it's side two of Dark Side of the Moon! He's in a Floyd hole! Fill the tub up with ice, now!
UPS Worker: "Well hey there, slugger! Looks like you're gunning for my job!" Hank: "Did my dad tell you to say that?" UPS Worker: "Uhh no." Hank: "Then... are you psychic?" Dr. Venture: "Hank, leave the man alone. Just because he's black doesn't mean he has the shining."
Dr. Venture: (After Aborted Dean hugs the C4 statue of Dr. Venture) Who the hell was that?"
Dr. Venture: (To the UPS Worker) "Hey! You know what 'Brown can do for me?' He can mind his own business!"
[Monarch is outside 21's treehouse.] [Knock Knock Knock] Henchmen #21: What's the password? The Monarch: I forgot... oh wait, I remember. I'm the f**king Monarch. Let me in. Now.
Phantom Limb(Revenge): Welcome to alive, Dragoon. My name is Revenge. Councilman 8: Your name is Phantom limb, you fucking lunatic. Councilman 3: That's Phantom Limb? No wonder! He's like #1 on "The Guild's Most Wanted" list. (sarcastically) Great. Now he's gonna kill us.
[Sgt. Hatred is sitting in the bathroom, crying] Dr. Venture: [yelling from behind the bathroom door] I have a list of inappropriate behavior. #1: This! Don't do this! Sgt. Hatred: [sniffles] What's #2? Dr. Venture: Nothing! I don't have a #2. I don't even have a list.
Billy Quizboy: Why can't I hear them? Councilman 3: Because you are SANE.
Action Johnny: Uh, hey, how those balls doin', Rust? Dr. Venture: Ugh. Spirit is up and roaming, but Opportunity hasn't come back online yet.
The Monarch: How was it? #21: Better than first one. I like the second one a little better... The Monarch: Yeah, that what they were saying on Ain't It Cool. #21: Yeah, all-in-all it's a fixing end to the trilogy, though.
Dr. Venture: ...well Daphne I believe she got around quite a bit, but Velma? I always thought she was a... Action Johnny: Everybody did. But I've got a pack of herpes that say otherwise.
Dean: Can I pet your pussy? Triana Orpheus: [holding a cat] There is no irony in that, is there? Dean: [patting the cat] No, it's soft. [The cat screeches and runs away] Your pussy hates me.
Dr. Orpheus: Triad! Be unseen! Jefferson Twilight: Was something supposed to happen? Are we invisible now, or something? Dr. Orpheus: No, I meant that we should hide. Just like behind something. The Alchemist: Well be specific next time.
Dr. Girlfriend: Monstroso? That's what this is about? He's the king of the double cross. I mean, think about it, he's lawyer and a super villian. That's like a shark with a grenade launcher on its head.
The Monarch: [on King Gorilla] He looks like a gorilla suit with nobody in it - wearing David Byrne's Stop Making Sense suit.
The Monarch: Honey, they're henchmen. You don't explain to them, they do your bidding. When you say "jump", they say, "what shark?"
Sgt. Hatred: [pointing loaded gun at Billy and White] I am over-weight, over fifty, and speedballing tranq darts and pure adrenaline!
Phantom Limb: [To his two remaining invisible limbs] Armando...Legtenant Shankley...good to have you back!
Hank: Yeah. I feel like that Jewish guy who lost all his powers when they cut his hair off. Brock: Uh, Samson? Hank: Lenny Kravitz. It's not all about you, you know? Brock: Yeah.
Master Billy Quizboy: I fought an 8 year old, and the only reason I won is he tripped into a spike. I had my eyes closed the whole time - until I heard an 8 year old dying on a spike!
General Treister: One - in all reported cases, the abductor was Zeus, the Greek god of thunder and rock 'n roll. Yes, agents Kenan and Kel? Councilman 3: We just want it on record that we don't like our code name. General Treister: Noted.
General Treister: I want notes, lists and answers by the time I finish this here Juicy-a-Box! WARNING: I am Thirst-ay! And it is Fruit Punch! And it is Delicious!
General Treister: Agent Matthew Perry! (pronounces the last name as "Purry") Professor Impossible: ...I dunno. Hey...my arms feel like they have ants running around my bones. Fascinating... General Treister: NOT AN ANSWER!
OSI Agent: Change into these and proceed to the cavity search. Col. Gathers: Cavity search my ass! [Everybody looks at Hunter] Col. Gathers: I mean... you know what I mean.
Hank: Oh yeah! I'm jealous that I don't get to go to New York dressed as the Jamaican flag to work for no pay. Dean: It's an internship, Hank. They pay you with experience and an impressive resume.
The Alchemist to Dr. Orpheus: Remember when your wife used to screw you without paperwork? Dr. Orpheus: Oh nice language in front of the boy. Hank: You hear alot in my line of work.
Billy Quizboy: So you've met Nikki? Nikki Fictel? Hank: And how! Billy Quizboy: Yeah, she's a looker, that one. Gams straight up to heaven.
Dr. Venture: What do you want me to card her? She said she was twenty!
Hank: Guess what? I had sex! Ta daa! What was it like? Okay.. its kinda like naked skydiving into a mountain of warm whip cream! Yes that good!
Hank: This is important. Get your ass to Mars!
Prof. Impossible: Hot sandwich! You've murdered the Venture boy!.
Brown Widow: Shh, I understand; you can't talk. You need help, just blink twice if he's your pimp. Dean: No, what? No, he's my dad.
Phantom Limb: Now, gentleman, before we start reviewing potential candidates, you need to keep one thing in mind: SPAWM. Baron Ünderbheit: That awful comic book! Prof. Impossible: Oh, and that movie? What was Martin Sheen thinking? Phantom Limb: Not SPAWN, S-P-A-W-M.
Captain: Let's SET SAIL! (long pause) Brock: Well...what are we waiting for? Captain: We have to SET the SAIL! Like you guy's have to help me put it up!
Blond Dracula Bride: Where do you want us to bite you? Master Billy Quizboy: I don't want to be bitten. Can you just do the sucking part and not the biting part?
Col. Gathers: Brando's got us on our bellies and he's reaching for the butter!
Prostitute: I'm gonna give you a Rusty Venture. Brock: Don't believe the hype. A Rusty Venture is the name for when you jerk off so much, your dick gets all red and sore. Prostitute: Really? Brock: Yeah, but I'll...let you give me an Action Johnny.
Brock: Shore Leave, code red! We got a fox in the hen house and the jumbo eggs are gone!
Brock: I'll take care of this. This has been a long time coming. Me and her got to get something straight between us. Alchemist: [to Shore Leave as Brock runs after Molotov] You think he even knows how many double entendres that was?
Season 5[edit] Dean: I've been listening to this stupid learning bed my whole life, and you know what? I haven't learned (bleep)! I could tell you home many taste buds are on the human tongue, but I've never even french kissed a girl!
Pete White: Hey... he's got a Bubo! Augustus Saint Cloud: (smugly) THE Bubo. Harryhausen is a friend..."
(Dr. Venture drinks, dances and laughs heartily as Billy Quizboy and Pete White look on.) Pete White: You know, I've known Rusty for like twenty years, and I've never seen him like this. Billy Quizboy: What, happy? I know! It's kinda creepy...
Dr. Venture: Spirit, tell me, is this my grave? Brock: (removing his hood) What's it look like, genius?
(Brock and Dr. Venture are discussing gifts for the boys) Brock: Well, Hank's covered but I'm having trouble with Dean, he's a little-- Dr. Venture: More effeminate? Brock: (concerned) --tougher to shop for!
Dean: (in Dr. Venture's dream as a Jack-in-the-Box) Why didn't he wish me a merry Christmas? Nobody wants a Dean-in-the-Box!
Hank: Oops, baby Jesus is out of the manger! Brock: Wha? (quickly checks his pants zipper)
Master Billy Quizboy: Hold the phone. Total babe alert, twelve o'clock. Pete White: Oh yeah, I know her type. Watch and learn, Wilhelmina. Billy: Okay, one: you're totally gay. Two: she's hot, and you're an albino. And three: you're totally gay.
Triana Orpheus: Dad, I can take care of myself, you know. Byron Orpheus: I'm sorry, pumpkin. I trust you to defend your honor. It's just that... MY PUMPKIN'S MAIDENHEAD IS NOT A PRIZE TO BE... Triana Orpheus: DAD!
Dr. Venture: Ooh, Orpheus. I wasn't expecting you to show up. Didn't think necromancers believed in Christmas. Dr. Orpheus: Well, the whole affair is about as real as Kwanzaa, or uh, the Wookiees' Life Day, but I find it charming.
Hank (to Dean): That gay albino is hitting on your not girlfriend.
Doctor Venture (after the Krampus licks Triana's face): What kind of kinky christmas spirit is that?! Doctor Orpheus: It is Germanic in origin.
[The Krampus is sodomizing Dr. Venture] Dr. Venture: Brock! Come in Brock! Brock: Hey, Fancy-Pants...I've been naughty. [tackles the Krampus] Comin' in MY HOUSE, ON CHRISTMAS! YOU WANT SOME OF THIS, YOU CHRISTMAS PIECE OF SHIT?!
[Separate interviews] Dermott: I never found my father, but I found my brother...in rock! The world will know the names Hank Venture and Dermot Fictel. Dr. Venture: Wait, Fictel? And...and he's...seven...seventeen. No, no...I...this interview is over!
Hank: So what happened in the Potter house? Dean: I...learned something. Hank: Something scary? Dean: Well... Hank: What? Dean: I guess...I learned that...beer tastes like pee-pee.
Larry David: One thing I admire about Hitler - he never took any shit from magicians. [...] [imitating Hitler] Where is the rabbit? Show me the rabbit!
Larry: Who do you think has more freedom: the married man in America or the single man in Communist China?
Larry David: I know my sources. Sophia Loren was once a source.
Larry: [regarding his "bunch-up"] Is it a bad thing? Maybe it's not such a bad thing. Cheryl: Oh, 'cause you want people to think you constantly have an erection?
Richard:[regarding his girlfriend] She reads Wiesel and a lot of things. Larry: She reads Wiesel? Richard: That's right. Not everyone's a moron I go out with. Larry: You know what she should be reading? Emily fucking Post!
[Larry, unaware he is on speakerphone, is asked if he wants to play golf] Larry: I dunno, I'll have to ask Hitler. (Cheryl)
Richard: You better call me later on, by sundown. Larry: "By sundown"? What are you, Gary Cooper?
Larry: It's always great to see a black entrepreneur, isn't it? Jeff's Mom: What? Jeff's Dad: What did he just say? What is that supposed to mean?
Larry: Everything is "heaven" with [Ted]. The piece of gum he had; "Oh this is heaven!" Had a taste of a chocolate bar; "I'm in heaven." A parking space is "heaven." It's all "heaven."
Salesperson: I am not a shoe whore!
Salesperson: It's people like you that are the problem. Larry: No, I'm the solution! I'm the solution to the problem!
Larry: I'd like to return this, please. Sales woman: What seems to be the problem? Larry: You know, it's kinda of half-jacket, half-shirt; half-man, half-beast.
Larry: Maybe we can stop by the store and pick up some Tabasco.
Brian: Should you be going to the party with your back or, er, can you bend over? Can you bend with your back? Larry: Yeah. Brian: Well then maybe you should just bend over and kiss my ass and maybe next time you'll remember to pick up my fucking golf ball.
Richard: I can't believe you won't help out a blind man. Larry: I can't believe you said "blind man" in front of a blind man!
Parking Attendant: "The bald guy with the glasses." That's you? Larry: Unfortunately, that's me. Parking Attendant: Hey, it's a good look.
Jeff: If you're gonna be a maniac, pyro's not a good maniac.
Larry: And who knows, you know what? Maybe I'll be able to need a lawyer someday. Cheryl: Anything could happen. Larry: A lot of people sue me.
Cheryl: I guess Julia will have to come back over. You'll just have to arrange another meeting. Larry: Are you out of your mind now?
Julie: [referring to Larry's movie "Sour Grapes"] I enjoyed it. It was interesting. It was such a perfect length. Larry: That's my specialty, length. Julie: Well, I thought it was a good length Larry: The width, what about the width? There's some good width in that movie.
Hobo: Got any spare change? Jeff: Nah, I got nothing, man. Larry: [hands him some leftovers] Want this? Hobo: What is it? Larry: It's tuna. Hobo: I don't like tuna.
Larry: What is this compulsion to have people over at your house and serve them food and talk to them?
Larry: [after the dinner party] Hey, when's the next meeting of the Young Republicans club?
Cheryl: [referring to the caterer who stole their food] You know, this is very unprofessional if you ask me. Larry: It's completely unprofessional. And I know because my whole career's been based on being unprofessional.
Caterer: [regarding the leftovers] Uhm, I'm really not sure that everything survived the trip here, so.. Larry: "Survived the trip here"? Where did you come from? The Sudan?
Cheryl's Dad: But we have to continue. Relative: We must go on. Larry: Must go on! Can't go on! Must go on!
Larry: [stuffing fruit in his mouth] How many do you think I can get in my mouth at a time?
Susie: [after reading the obituary, to Jeff] Do me a favor. When I die, let someone else handle the obit, OK?
Jeff: You gotta go. Larry: What? Jeff: You gotta go. Larry: The hell are you talking about? Jeff: You copped a feel off my mom, you gotta go.
Larry: Your mother thinks I touched her breast? That is so sick! Jeff: It's what she thinks. What can I say? Sweet dreams. Larry: "Sweet dreams". I'll dream about fucking your mother. "Sweet dreams."
Richard: Dr. Grambs, this is my friend, Larry David. Larry: Hi, how you doing? Richard: He's my dermatologist. Larry: Really? Richard: Yeah, for what, fifteen years already? Larry: Even with the whole affirmative action thing?
[Larry and Cheryl spot a window with the view of the beach in their new house] Cheryl: Oh my God, is that the ocean? Larry: Eh, you get used to that in two days.
Barbara: You know, this morning, you're gonna love this, I saw a whale breach. I've never seen that here before, it's very rare! Larry: Can you shoot the whales from the terrace? Barbara: What? Larry: Because I like to have blubber for breakfast.
Customer: I heard that these SUVs, that they sometimes roll over rather easily. Larry: Roll over? Are you kidding? Look at this thing. Look at it. [starts rocking the SUV causing the alarm to go off] Customer: Jesus Christ.
Dana: I notice this is a GT and the brochure says there's a model called the GTS. Now what is the difference between the GT and the GTS? Larry: OK, the GTS is "guaranteed tremendous safety." Dana: So, without the "S," it's just "guaranteed tremendous"?
Larry: You just cost me a customer! Richard: I cost you a customer?! What are you, fucking Willy Loman?!
Larry: [to Wanda Sykes] Hey, I'd know that tush anywhere!
Larry: Anybody want to help a semi-retarded individual change a tire?
Wanda Sykes: Larry, you are an ass man! Larry: I am not an ass man! I don't have an ass fetish! I am not obssessed with asses.
Larry: I'm sorry I was late. I just couldn't decide what to wear.
Larry: It seems silly to me to put a napkin on an old pair of pants.
Larry: You know, my grandfather's name was Harold Bingo, and he invented the game "Bingo."
Larry: (to Shelley Cobb) You know we should have sex sometime.
Walter: (to Larry) Are you Jewish? Larry: You wanna check my penis?
Walter: (to Larry) You know what you are, you are a self-loathing Jew. Larry: Well I do hate myself, but it has nothing to do with being Jewish.
Trick-or-Treaters: It's Halloween, can we get some candy? Larry: Yeah, it's Halloween but that doesn't mean you can go around to people's houses and bilk candy from them.
[Larry checks the Chinese take out] Larry: This isn't our food. Cheryl: Did you check the order before you left? Larry: Yeah, I did, but I decided to take the wrong food home. Thank you for inquiring.
Larry: How could you not go in with an ace high? Oh, you cunt, what a cunt!
Larry: So I'm really happy with my new sneakers. You know, 'cause they're gray. And, if you think about it's a good color, 'cause white is really too bright and black is like a pair of shoes. And gray is kind of like right in the middle. They look good.
Larry: I'm feeling pretty good. Pret-ty, pret-ty, pret-ty, pret-ty good.
Larry: Big family? John: Yeah. Five brothers and sisters, you know, Irish. Larry: You ever catch your parents having sex? John: No... Larry: Me either.
Larry: I'm just nice. You have nice/pussy confusion.
Susie: Stop scratching your balls and tell me where it is! All right, just get me the fucking [doll] head, all right?! Get me the fucking head, all right!? Both of you, I've had it! You four-eyed fuck and you fat piece of shit! Get me the head!
Tara: Mommy, Mommy, that bald man is in the bathroom and there's something hard in his pants!
Larry: I'll have a vanilla...one of those vanilla bullshit things. You know, whatever you want, some vanilla bullshit latte cappa thing. Whatever you got.
Larry: Grape works as a soda. Sort of as a gum. I wonder why it doesn't work as a pie. Grape pie? There's no grape pie.
Man in Airport: What's the name on here? Is it yours? No, it's mine, Chris Darga. See, now if this were yours it would say "Fucking Douchebag"!
Larry: I once invested in a whorehouse. I made a fortune on that place.
Michael York: Why are you a kebab-aphobe?
Larry: I'm a little afraid of the stick, frankly.
Cheryl David: I thought you didn't like talking to people? Larry: I don't like talking to people I know, but strangers I have no problem with.
Larry: You can't get sweet potatoes anywhere, have you noticed that? Cheryl: Everybody's noticed that.
Larry: Fuck Huughhh! Huuuugghhh!
Larry: Oh its this guy he spotted me. Oh he's gonna want to do a stop and chat, don't...don't go. Richard: (looks at watch) Oh my god I got to uh.. I got alot of shopping to do. Larry: Oh what a fuck. Richard: Have a blast.
Larry: He's a bra-sniffing dog! He's a very good bra-sniffing dog!
Larry: I love this dog, it's not very often you get the chance to be affectionate to something german.
Krazee-Eyez Killa (rapping): So you think you gonna cross me, and mess with my shit? Opening your fucking trap, and flapping your lip. Don't fuck with me nigga, or you gonna get dropped. I'll snap off your neck with a crackle and pop.
Larry: Whoa, I like that Rice Krispies thing! ... Crackle and pop!
Larry: I like it... I got one tiny little comment. I would lose the "motherfucker" at the end - 'cause you already said "fuck" once. You don't need two fucks.
Krazee-Eyez Killa [Knocks Loudly]: Cheryl: "Uh, Who is it?" Krazee-Eyez Killa Its Killa!
Larry (to Krazee-Eyez Killa): Are you my Caucasian?
Larry: I feel like an idiot holding this skewer.
Cady Huffman: Larry David? Why don't you close the door?
(Larry closes the door) Cady Huffman: We have some time before the show. I'd like to give you your 10th anniversary present.
Larry: Hey Pop, do me a favor? Nat: MMM? Larry: Next time you use the bathroom, make sure to keep the seat down. Nat: What are you pussy-whipped? Larry: It's not really about her, It's about me, I pee sitting down.
Larry: ...And how about that hygienist. It's like if you go to a prostitute, and the prostitute goes around and tells everybody that you got a small penis. Not that I've ever been to a prostitute... not that I have a small penis.
[Speaking to Jeff later on] Larry: She calls me just out of the blue. Out the blue, it's all set up. It's all set up. For next thursday.
[Larry is heard screaming and is then seen running out of Jeff and Suzie's bathroom in his underwear] Larry: The dog bit my penis! [Cheryl, Jeff and Suzie are all speechless]
[at a baby shower] Betty Dusenberry: This is from the Davids? Oh, it's a doll! Larry: It's a mulatto! [everyone is silent] No good? Betty Dusenberry: ..Bi-racial is what we call it usually. Larry: Bi-racial. Huh, what do you know about that?
Wandering Bear: Hello, Cheryl. Cheryl: Good morning, Wandering Bear. Wandering Bear: How is your vagina?
Susie: Look, Wandering Elk or what ever the fuck your name is..
Larry: [as Max Bialystock] Assume away!
[Mel Brooks notices Larry, pretending to have O.C.D., arranging bottles and cups during a meeting] Mel Brooks: What the hell are you doing? Looks like you're making a sand castle on the table.
[to Larry everytime he walks in to Hana Sushi] Chefs: Chicken Teriyaki Boy! Chicken Teriyaki Boy!
Larry: You got the huge vagina and you're blaming it on the small penis. You know, it's not really necessary.
Larry: You know what? Nevermind, alright? I-I'll take my liver out! I'll walk around with a dialysis machine hanging out of me for the rest of my life, no problem!
[Larry is wearing a huge sun hat] Jeff: What's with the hat? Larry: What? I'm married. I can wear whatever I want. Jeff: It does look ridiculous. You look like you should be pulling a rickshaw of some sort.
Larry: I have a system..I..I have a..
[at Marty's house] Jeff: We gotta get going. My daughter is waiting for a puppet show. Larry: My dad has a virus in bed with a fever with covers up to his head. Susie: Your dad always has a virus. Larry: Hey, fuck you, he doesn't always have a virus.
Larry: What do you think you're doing?! You're stealing my thing! Richard: Stealing what thing? Larry: Showing-up-on-the-wrong-night thing! Richard: What, you have a fucking copyright on this?!
Larry: So your last name is "Black"? Loretta Black: Yes. Larry: That's like if my last name was "Jew", like Larry Jew.
Larry: Funkhouser knowingly served us penis!
Cheryl: Where've you been? Larry: I was eating some penis.
[after getting Larry his Joe Pepitone jersey back] Leon: Yeah, that's how I do it, baby, ha ha ha. Joe Pepitone up in this motherfucker.
Larry: An employee is told that the customer's always right and, in fact, the customer is usually a moron and an asshole.
Funkhouser: If you weren't my best friend, I'd pop your head off... Larry: He's not my best friend!
Larry: You can put my colon up next to your colon; we'll see who has a cleaner, healthier colon. Richard Lewis: I will have a colon contest anytime you want.
John McEnroe: [reading the freak book] Ah! What a freak!! Hahahaha.
Jeff: [just snubbed due to his baldness] This blows. How do you deal with it? Larry: Well, you know, you just get used to it. I get support from my bald brothers. Jeff: There's, like, meetings?
Loretta: [to Susie] Who the fuck you think you talkin' to?! Nobody be talkin' to my man like that! You betta get yo ass out of this house! Fucken Bitch!
Larry: I'd rather have the thieves than the neighbors - the thieves don't impose. Thieves just want your things, neighbors want your time.
Larry: You can't make an empty gesture to a Funkhouser. They take you up on it!
Larry: Can I tell you something about apricots? ... 1 in 30 is a good one. It's such a low percentage fruit.
Larry: I'm going to dinner with Jeff and Susie and Richard Lewis and his new girlfriend, if you want to come along. Loretta: Any black people gonna be there? Larry: No. Loretta: Then why would I want to go? Larry: ...Might be some people with cancer?
Larry: You're nothing without your health. Some people are nothing even with their health. I fall in that category, sometimes.
Larry: We're fighting because you're a moron. That's why we're fighting.
Larry: I'm not kidding, the food was awful. Terrible. Honestly, I can't believe you recommended that. Dr. Morrison: Well, I liked the ossobuco. Larry: Didn't taste like ossobuco to me. It was bad ossobuco.
Larry: I'm Larry David. I happen to enjoy wearing women's panties.
Jerry: You surprised me. I had no idea it would be that revolting.
Larry: (to Cheryl's bald lawyer) I can call you bald. It's like black people calling each other nigger. Hey, baldie.
Richard: If it wasn't for burlesque we wouldn't have Chaplin, or The Marx Brothers... Marty:Oh, Chaplin was a hell of a pole dancer!
Marty: [Marty is meeting Larry and Jeff at the Palestinian chicken restaurant] You know, I thought all last night, 'If Rabin can break bread with Arafat, I can have chicken at this antisemitic shithole.'
Matt: I am the world's fastest prep as a director. You know that? Larry: I know that. Matt: I once did a Silver Spoons on 48 hours.
Jeff: Seriously, how much would it take for you to see Eat, Pray, Love? Larry: $3,000.
Larry: So, how's your marriage? Hank: What the hell? Why would you ask me that? Larry: I'm trying to elevate small talk to medium talk.
Leon: You god damn right I'm livin large! I just had a croissant filled with mutha fuckin' champagne!
Rosie: You know how lesbians are. You know what a lesbian brings on a second date, right? A U-Haul.
Jeff: Dementia has nothing to do with racism. Larry: My grandfather had dementia. He wasn't a racist. He thought I was his dead sister, but he wasn't a racist.
Jeff: I don't like trainers - not into 'em. I don't like being told what to do. Larry: Yeah, right. That's why you married Susie?
Ronnie Dobbs (David): Y'all wear condoms on both your ears, I think it's funny. [Cough and groan]
Bob: David attended public schools, so he confuses Hitler with Anne Frank.
David: Bob missed his first day of school, and he never really caught up, so he thinks there are only 5 states...and that one of them is named Chim-Cham.
Gary, the asshole party-crasher (David): You fuckers are gonna believe it now.
Woman leaving convenience store (Jill Talley): Take a picture, it'll last longer, jag-off!
Father Mike (Bob): I was born... out of Satan's ass.
Senator Howell Tankerbell (Bob): Gentlemen, I propose that this arts funding is like a milking machine and unless we shut it down, it's gonna rip our dicks right off!
Senator Howell Tankerbell (Bob): I've got a naked puppet doin' a lewd, lascivious Fandango on the lap of a full-grown man! I got a fella over here, he's churnin' butter. A lady over here dippin' candles...it's like a pioneer porn shop in here! Close 'em down, boys!
Senator Howell Tankerbell (Bob): I wish I could be everywhere that people are doin' art, so that I could keep the public from gettin' aroused...or titillated...or otherwise confused by the counterculture.
Marshall, the 13th apostle (David): God, lemme ask you something: are you happy settling for omnipotence?
Guy in Tech Corp commercial during Pit-Pat sketch (Jay Johnston): Fuckity fuck-fuck!!!
Voiceover king (Bob): Mr. Pickle's funtime abortion clinics: we'll bring out the kid in ya!
Globo-Chem executive (John Ennis): My great great great grandfather started this company with one single rickety leaky hand-crafted slave ship, and a simple motto: "People Selling People to People".
Pit-Pat (Bob): Take it from me, I love you.
Guy in Ding Dong Burgers commercial during Pit-Pat sketch (David): This cocksucker dragged me down here, I dunno.
Guy in Ding Dong Burgers commercial during Pit-Pat sketch (David): Fuck, this little motherfucker's tasty!!
Pit-Pat ad agency representative (Bob): Look lady, I don't come down to where you work and slap the dick out of your mouth.
Kindly farmer in "The Joke: The Musical" (Jack Black): Don't stick your dick in these holes.
David: Dear Globochem, someone is trying to kill me!!! Please send me as many free products as possible. Love, David Cross.
Jerry, the honeymoon crasher (David): Ooh. I gotta take a shit. Hey Todd, hand me that Hustler.
Jerry, the honeymoon crasher (David): Legend, oh legend, the third wheel legend. Always in the way.
Honeymooner (Bob): Tri-cycles would be bi-cycles. Who's ever heard of a bi-cycle?
Larry Black, the forgetful soul singer (Bob): I need a reminder to look at my reminder!
Supermodel Calling Service commercial voice (Bob): Thousands of hot models are waiting to talk to you around the clock!
Commercial "viewer" (David): Thousands? Clock?
Deranged indie film director (David): Look, its right here in the program: stage protest right before fancy pants.
Abraham Lincoln (Tom Kenny): Lunacy! How will we ever get it down?
Thomas Jefferson (Bob): What a collection of assholes.
Benjamin Franklin (David): Gentlemen, who would shit on a flag made out of shit? It would be an empty gesture.
Droopy (Bob): No, you can't bring a class of school children here. This is a museum, not a babysitting place.
Brinks Peterson (David): Trying to get you the news without making a big production out of it.
Ernie (Bob): The super pan is not magical. It will burn you.
Ernie (Bob): She didn't believe me when I said the pan was super.
Ernie (Bob): Oh, Nancy. You cannot fly. Only British people can fly! You shouldn't try to fly, and you shouldn't listen to British people!
Marijuana smuggler #1 (David): You can't shampoo a shampooer!
Marijuana smuggler #2 (John Ennis): Then I took a balloon up my ass to Spain.
F.F. Woodycooks (Bob): The guard knew he needed to conserve energy...and had had a large dinner.
F.F. Woodycooks (Bob): You said it crime-stick! Those two were a couple of ding-a-lings! ... Now, who wants ice cream? If you want to learn more about how to take back the streets, and how sweet ice cream is, visit any one of my three ice cream-precinct locations.
David: Perhaps I might have picked something up when I was in London a few whiffens past.
Jill Talley: There's no such thing as a talking junkie!
David: Bob's in there fuckin' shit up old-school, and I got kicked OUTTA school!
Mr. Applesway (Bob): Next time you'll get more than a dildo in the head!
Great great great grandfather Applesway (Paul F. Tompkins): Look! LOOK!!! An entire wall of nothing but hardcore gay anal sex. If that doesn't bring a tear to your eye, then you're the one who's inhuman!
Ty McGinty/Mr. Tink/Great great great grandfather Applesway (David/Tom Kenny/Paul F. Tompkins): Could I get some quarters?
Mr. Applesway (Bob): Keep it down! There's people trying to masturbate down here!
Pootie T (David): I ain't got no flyin' shoes.
Gold tooth in "Rap The Musical" (Bob): Well, I'm an old gold tooth, and I'll tell you the truth. I live in the mouth of my homie.
Bob: Third motherfuckin' time...
Bob: I liked Bananarama...you liked that Bangles shit.
Dr. Ken Schwartz of "No Adults Allowed" (Bob): I tell ya, this generation is worse than the hippies, the flappers, and the Nazis combined...at least the hippies gave us those fat watchbands, and the flappers could dance, and the Nazis had that song "Eight Days a Week".
Cafe Sidewalk Sign: Dirty Slackers Stay Out!
Nathan, the exotic animal lover (David): Just like I killed Bilbo...and the cockatiel...with a book!
Craig/Jeepers Creepers (David/Jack Black): I was on the eighteenth hole!!!
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): Where ideas can hang out - and do whatever!
Van Hammersly (Bob): And that's when Lincoln said, "Don't diss my homies".
Dad of "gay" son (John Ennis): You gay bastard!!! No gay son of mine isn't not-gay, you better get gay or I'll make you gay!!!
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): Work Is Play! Tofutti Break Today!
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): Nuh uh, I'm not talking rain clouds on a sunny day.
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): Tofutti break!!
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): Tofutti...awaits...the greats...that make...mistaaaakes...To-FUTTI time!
Posted Sign: Arbeit ist Spiel! (German for "work is play")
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): All these goats are retarded.
"Grass Valley" Greg Sniper (David): Goats are the only animals with an innate sense of democracy. That's why they're called "Nature's President".
Greg Sniper's accountant (Bob): He spent a hundred million dollars on a campaign to legalize tomatoes, which I assume worked, because I had a tomato yesterday, and I'm not in jail, am I?
Greg Sniper's accountant (Bob): Goats are stupid, mean, and hardheaded animals. That's why they're called "Nature's President".
Globo-Chem Theme Parks Division chairman (Bob): When you see the new San Francisco, you'll say "San Fran-tastic!"
Globo-Chem Theme Parks Division chairman (Bob): We are sensitive to the needs of those suffering from homophobia. So in our new San Francisco, we got rid of the dirt, but kept the pansies by creating "Bachelorland".
Older Superstar (Jill Talley): Dick lickers!
Sir Isaac Newton (Paul F. Tompkins): My father touched my butthole. This made me thirst for knowledge.
Ty Keenan, basketball recruiter (Bob): I'm thinking about of running away from my grandma's house.
Bob: Charity is when you do something for people while other people are watching.
Gary, the blind guy Bob "helps" (David): Bob? BOB?! I don't spend my day fucking around on a television show. I have a company to run.
Droopy (Bob): Keep the shaaaaaahnge.
Movie exec with cat eyes (David): Where's your golden public now? I'll tell you where. They're all laughing. Laughing at you. They're laughing at the big fat asshole.
Movie exec boss (John Ennis): We'll sue the pants off of 'em!!! Movie exec (Bob): And then we'll sell them pants!
Judge in "Coupon: The Movie" trial (Bob): May I remind you that I am not on trial here ... until next week.
"Coupon: The Movie" trial witness (Paul F. Tompkins): It was a baaaaabyyyyyyy!!!
"Coupon: The Movie" viewer (David): I saw the shit out of it!
David: Terra-da-loo, The Bob. Mr. Show is the true way.
The Bob: It's time to eat the poison s'mores...get them while they're poison-ey; that's when they're best.
Chuck (Bob): Can't I just make you some sperm? It's really good.
Chuck (Bob): Look, I like to masturbate in a closed room while people are waiting for pie to cool.
John Oakfellow of the Red Cross (John Ennis): It's been a real soul-shattering experience.
Elderly resident of community affected by Devastator (unknown): I ain't afraid of no rolley coaster!
"The Limits of Science" educational film narrator (Bob): All facts start as dreams dreamt by a wizard.
Commercial voice (unknown): Sponsored by Smithy's Barrows. Makers of barrows for over 200 harvests. Now with wheels.
Kevin, the slothful child (David): I ... also ... want people to perform ... beastialities for me.
David: I, David Cross ... me, not the character ... am bald. Jill: I accept you David, but I don't accept the choice you've made. David: It's not a choice, Jill, God made me this way. Jill: Then I reject God.
The cock ring mascot (Bob)/Engaged guy's buddy (John Ennis): Any cock'll do!
Terry Twillstein/Ronnie Dobbs (Bob/David): I am a camera, a camera am I!
Ronnie Dobbs (David): Well let's go have us a champagne jam!
Ronnie Dobbs (David): It needs some reverb or pedal or sumthin.
Bob Lamonta's father (Bob): My shoes hurt!
Bob Lamonta (David): I did grow a moustache, but I thought it made me look gay, so whoosh! [indicating its swift removal]
Bob Lamonta's father (Bob): I'm strong like the Hulk.
Bob: Hey, who wants a banana?
Dingle, the ventriloquism dummy (David): Why don't you suck my eight inches of redwood?
Killer B. Killed (Jonathan Fowler Jr.): I don't know, man. These guys got their fuckin' talkin' dolls in here 'n' shit.
Jerry, the hanged guy (David): Say, by any chance, are you a murderer? Wife of Mark, the lyncher (Jill Talley): NO! Jerry, the hanged guy (David): Oh, good. Then your children will only be half murderer.
Delongpre Dannon's talkshow guest (David): Fake girl, you oughta be able to have your imaginary baby, because the most wonderful thing in the world is to be an imaginary mother.
Prospective Shoe Court Shoe Store employee (Bob): It was great. It's crack. It gets ya real high.
Shoe Court Shoe Store interviewer (Paul F. Tompkins): I am a control-freak because I was molested by my parents... Oh, God! What a breakthrough!
Shoe Court Shoe Store employee (Jay Johnston): Have you ever taken a train and eaten it piece by piece... after you just derailed it with your penis? Prospective Shoe Court Shoe Store employee (Bob): Yes...It was for charity!
Criminy Craffft (David): Eatin' an orange? That was like takin' a trip through a citrus mountain.
Hallucino-Jenny (Laura Milligan): I can taste colors!
Helpful guy in Druggachussetts (John Ennis): And remember, only take what you can handle, and always know your dealer!
Mayor O.D. McCrack (Paul F. Tompkins): As mayor of the altered state of Druggachusettes, I declare this pizza to be...awesome!
David: Hey, fancy pants, you weren't in this one.
Bob: Later, we'll be having a beauty contest, and the winner will be crowned "Queen Pretty"!!!
Mother of missing companion (Brett Paesel): We're praying for our boy. He's a wonderful son. And I'm sure a great companion. We also pray for the two young people. Father of missing companion (Jay Johnston): And, of course, the other companion.
Alexis Jung, designer, and constant chum of Nostradamus (David): Buckle the fuck up!
Nostradamus (Bob): No fatties.
Fran, member of "Indomitable Spirit" (Sarah Silverman): I'm Fran, and I'm a woman.
Text on Poster: Being poor sucks!
Victor, the dumped landlord (Bob): Is Victor now to fix the sun? I cannot get up there.
Shamul/Anwar (David/Paul F. Tompkins): I spit on your spit. I piss on your spit. I shit on your piss. I fart on your shit. I laugh at your fart. We are friends again! Hey!
Dylan, the pretentious hipster (David): Jupiter's Thunder!!! Rock & Roll is the most criminal of garbages...it is a crutch...it is a crutch! It will never sully my ears!!!
Panzic Poojaran (David): If I die ... if I die ... tell my people ... to bury me ... in mashed potatoes!
Paul Peters, spokesperson for Dr. X's telethon (unknown): Please don't kill me!
Dr. X (Bob): I have blown up Chicago.
David: False teeth speak false truths, Bob!
Bob/David: [chanting] Youth ... is truth! I wish "old" rhymed with "lies"!
Grandpa Timmy (unknown): And testicular electrocution would be administered to all those who get into monkeyshines!
NASA spokesman (David): We have the technology. The time is now. Science can wait no longer. Children are our future. America can, should, must, and will blow up the moon.
San Francisco protester (Sarah Silverman): We're spending all this money, millions of dollars, to blow up the moon, when there are so many things here on Earth to blow up ... Mount Everest, the North Pole, et cetera. We're earthlings, let's blow up Earth things!
C.S. Lewis, Jr. (Bob): Don't mess around ... with God's America.
Fired employee (David): This is BULLSHIT!!!
Father of streaker Jimmy Montello (John Ennis): I slave 12 hours a day making pepper, to put clothes on your back, so you can go taking them off?!
Video Image Text: Worthington's Law: More Money = Better Than
Carl Espick, editor of Value magazine (David): Did you know that according to Worthington's Law, the opera singer who called himself the "Great" Caruso was nowhere near as great as Sammy Hagar, the Red Rocker? So, shut up, Caruso!
Successful siamese twin (Bob): No! I worked. You sat on my ass and did nothing!
Science program host (Bob): Scientists have ascertained that there may be as many as... 24 stars in the cosmos.
Nazi official (David): To say we killed 24 Jews would be an exaggeration.
Salini (David): What's wrong, Philouza? A few too many of Mr. Graham's crackers?
Kedzie Matthews (Tom Kenny): Watch as Mrs. Vila gets half of This Old House in "This Old Divorce"!
Jack Weber (Bob): Here's a simple test to see if your child is really a costumed dwarf: hit him in the head with a hammer.
Jack Weber (Bob): Just because a child is defiant doesn't mean they want to overthrow the government. Maybe they just want a cookie, a game, some attention...attention that a drunken father cannot provide...I'm sorry, Tim.
Marriage Con & Boat Show seminar host (Jill Talley): Men 'R' Stupid...ta da! Women 'R' Stupider. We need to get married! I did it! Get in line! Get in line, you dumb bitch!
Benjamin Gerard, ice cream purveyor (David): "Rock & Roll Double Chunk". It has chocolate in it, and we figure if people like Rock & Roll music, they'll like this, cause it says "Rock & Roll" on it.
"Last Indian" piece narrator (Tom Kenny): I fuckin' saw God, Jack. And I laughed in his fuckin' face!
"Hell in a Handbasket" soldier (David): You are a dying asshole.
Jon Stewart (as himself): I felt it was time for another Vietnam message.
"All American Salute to the Last Indian" co-host (Paul F. Tompkins): The rap group, The Fuck-ups.
Moe Phelps (Bob): All acting is is jumping up and down and yelling and screaming a lot.
Local World News network anchor (Bob): Later tonight, we'll have an update from the war-torn Gaza Strip, where Betty McPhee will tell us all about Tripper, the counting dog.
Ken Doral, host of the "Pre-taped Call-in Show" (David): If you wanted to talk about pet care, you should have called last week, when our show on racism was airing, but we were taping the pet care show, which is airing now.
Moe Phelps (Bob): Pack your bags, gang. We're going up my mom's ass!
Gerald Hennessey Imposter (Bob Odenkirk): This is not a playground so leave your lunchboxes at home, as well as your games, and um, jokes, and balls, and riddles.
Gerald Hennessey Imposter (Bob Odenkirk): You come in here with heads filled with soup, when you are done with law school, your brain will be like a steel trap with the bloody foot of law inside it, crying out for its mommy!
Gerald Hennessey Imposter (Bob Odenkirk): By the time this class is over, two of you will be murdered. One of you will commit suicide. One of you will get injured...in the leg. Two of you will quit law school because it's so hard...and you'll go off to run an apple butter farm.
Pharmacy "customer" (Brian Posehn): I know what you mean...my doctor says I need marijuana to get high.
Hitler (David): Get used to it, Hitler.
Talk show audience member (Jerry Minor): You need to respect the baby, 'cause life is precious... and God... and the Bible.
Talk show host, Todd Linder Flohman (Bob): You stupid, petty, Prince-looking, no-island-remembering motherfucker!
Derlin Whittier, talk show guest (David): Before I die, I'm gonna fuck me a fish.
Yale Hadderity, investigative reporter (David): Oh, my scammy flammy mammy!
Bob: ... the Itty Bitty Tittie Committee. David: Let's hear it for the IBTC. They work hard!
Incompetent kidnapper (Bob): One...thousand dollars if you ever want to see my toe again.
College friend watching underground video (Brian Posehn): No shit!
Byron T. Lebockwith, Racist in the Year 3000 (David): You can't trust a man what's made of gas! Not you, Zaxon, you're one of the good ones. There's white people made of gas, you know what I mean.
Byron T. Lebockwith, Racist in the Year 3000 (David): My relatives didn't move here to be put out of work by some shifty-eyed, lazy, yellow-metal, China-bots!
Byron T. Lebockwith, Racist in the Year 3000 (David): Keep 'em comin', Gleep Glop...
Bob at 4 years old (unknown): Mommy, What's a Gagortion?
David: Hey, Bob? Um, I was wondering...um, so...do you still like to party?
Glenn Petersen, phone sex guru (Bob): Horny Slut Hot-line. This is Peppermint.
Glenn Petersen, phone sex guru (Bob): You're just jealous because I'm more of a woman than you'll ever be!
Denny Whitkin, performing "The Audition" (David): Can I use this chair?
Del Crow (Bob): Already our little one's got a scholarship to Miss Lily's Finishing School. Interviewer: What's that? Del Crow (Bob): It's a - a school where they teach ya - how to finish.
Burgundy Loafe customer (David): You want me to shit in a box while I'm eating dinner?
Larry Kleist, rapist (Bob): Hello, Larry is my name. Insurance is my game. Raping was another game of mine...
Member of press (David): Tom Boudinir, Cabington News, pedophile. I..sodomized my nephew. Juuuust what is going on over there at that zoning board??
Anthony "One Time" Branca (David): The both of youze can grab onto my books, mother-father, Chinese dentist.
Father of Thomas, the adventurer (Bob): Nooooo! Let Thomas do it himself. Climbed Mt. Everest!?!?
Lane Wellesby, actor trainer and handler (John Ennis): There's a reason for the phrase, "as dumb as an actor".
Jonathan, blind girl's friend (Bob): Well, then if you're blind, how do you know I'm a ... homosexual?
Dougie Bendel, Dalai Lama (Bob): William van Landingham?! William van Landingham III (Jerry Messing): The Third, my dear boy!
Dougie Bendel, Dalai Lama (Bob): A rap, rap, a rap rap rap. A rap, rap, a rap tap tap. Get rappin' with it. Heyyyyy. Get rappin' with it. Hohhhh! Professor Murder (Sam Sarpong): Damn, his science is too tight!
"Go-to" guy (Jay Johnston): Hey mom, could you pass the gravy? "Go-to" guy's mom (unknown): That wasn't part of the deal!
David (as "himself"): You know, Jill's ingested so much soil, her stomach oughta be listed in the "Worm Apartment Guide"!
Reverend Ralee Kolunda/Kolunda's sidekick (Jerry Minor/David): Be kind, Rewind.
Garry Flank documentary voiceover (Bob): That's when tragedy struck. Captain Tragedy.
Max Packer: I've got a five inch taint
Larry Branson (Bob): 'Til death do us part, asshole!
Larry Branson (Bob): Maybe he wasn't such a chicken-shit after all ... Bartender? ... My life!
Hypnotherapist (Becky Thyre): What are you doing in the cemetery, Charles? Charles ______ (David): I just wanna dig up a corpse and have sexual relations with it!
Civil War Reenactment piece narrator (Jeff Goldblum): He dreamed of one day finding a box of money.
Edmond Premington (Bob): You feel it first in your scrotum.
Member of Edmond Premington's audience (David): You don't know what words mean, do you?
Edmond Premington (Bob): When the African lion attacks....
Member of Edmond Premington's audience (Jay Johnston): Nipples on your ass...?
Reporter (David): And I understand you met Napoleon? 2000 lb. Old Man (Bob): Met him?...I et him!
Telethon caller (Bob): Hey I got a fake asshole...y'all got fake poo?
Lucian, He Who Watches All of Television (unknown): The irony's as bittersweet as...tears on Turkish Delight!
Lucian, He Who Watches All of Television (unknown): Oh, happenstance!
Dr. ______ (Bob): So if you want to talk to gamblers...and masturbators...
Cyrus ______ (David): Frame it, bury it, walk 20 paces away, dig it up in 15 years and teach the world to sing!
Cyrus ______ (David): Who dares question Ryan Dorn?!
Jill Talley: Sad songs are nature's onions.
Becky Thyre: Sorrow is the key that gets our tears out of eye jail.
Willips Brighton (Bob): And my heart feels like a mouth full of sores. A mouth full of sores ain't no fun.
Willips Brighton (Bob): Take it from me, a guy who has mouth sores, I know the value of a mouth without sores.
Horace Loeb (David): I'll miss you... me.
Bob: With our help, you'll laugh your sales right through the... roof!
Young Josh Fenderman (unknown): IT'S PUMPKININNNNNNY!!!
Girlfriend (Jill): ...you GAVE people blowjobs? Boyfriend (Bob): The most people!
Member of "2001: A New Wave Godyssey" (Scott Aukerman): Heavens to Betsy, I've invented a praying machine!
Larry Turnauer, a.k.a. Marilyn Monster (David): And don't forget to break some rules. But... Don't break any rules.
Mary Lynn Rajskub/Guests: Hey everybody, it's Bob and David!
Skwisgaar: Yeah, all of our chefs, he has died a horrible death. What of thats do you think? Jean-Pierre: I would rather have my brain scooped out with a melon-baller than to miss the opportunity to deliver the various cheese snacks to my beloved Dethklok.
[A flock of birds collide with the helicopter.] Helicopter Pilot: Sorry, m'lords. Uh, we're chewing through a few thousand doves up here. Don't worry; these rotors'll grind 'em into paste in no time.
Nathan: We are here to make coffee metal. We will make everything metal. Blacker than the blackest black times infinity.
One-eyed Fan: My eye got torn out, and force-fed to me in a show. DETHKLOK RULES!
Two-fingered Fan: In London, some dude chopped off my fingers and threw them up on stage. MURDERFACE ROLLED THEM UP AND SMOKED THEM! [yells into reporter's microphone] MURDERFACE!!!
Toki: [awed gasp] What's this place called? Skwisgaar: This is, I believes, called food libraries. [Skwisgaar and Toki practice saying the phrase "Food Library".] Pickles: It's called a grocery store, ya douchebags! I'm sorry about douchebags. I got... got low blood sugar.
Murderface: [reads his shopping list] Hey grandma, is there olives in it? Old Lady: In what? Murderface: Lemon tart, Wrinkle-tits! Jeezees! Old Lady: [shocked gasp] Murderface: Good, then it's pee-pee time! [starts urinating on the olives]
Pickles: Hey chief, this stuff good for soup? [gestures at shopping cart full of booze] Worker: ... No - Pickles: - Aaaah! That's a yes.
Nathan: Price check! Cleanup aisle six! Rotted Body Landslide! And don't forget our special sale on Every Bone Broken Chicken! Hurry! [laughing] Enjoy our tasty Hammer Smashed Face! Aisle three.
Skiwsgaar: [romantically] Hi. Old woman: Hi. Skwisgaar: Guess what, you are a GMILF. That is a grandmother that I would like to - [Cut to next scene]
Pickles: See! What'd I tell you guys? We don't need no chef. Nathan: Put in the ingredients into that thing there. Toki: Oh no, we leaves all the food at the food place! Nathan: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! [Zoom into his mouth and down his throat]
Murderface: [prodding the remains of the mutilated chef with a stick] Jean-Pierre! Jean-Pierre! Wake up, cook something! Come on! Don't be a dick, be a dude!
Pickles: By the power of all that is evil, I command you to awaken and make me a sandwich! [wails]
Skiwsgaar: Dudes, we would, like, have to sew him back together to get him to cook for us. Toki: Yeah, but we such screw-ups that he would be sewn back together wrong. Nathan: Whoa! That's a good song title.
Nathan: Your guitar's picking up strange sounds! Toki: What, dude? I didn't know these pickups were that strong. It picks up the whales saying hello.
Murderface: Hey guys... nuclear submarine power's out.
Dick "Magic Ears" Knubbler: [submarine door opens] Hi guys. Sooo uh... let's hear this new album. [ He faints, colliding with the floor, his head beginning to bleed.] Murderface: Hey, I have those same shoes.
Toki: [emerges from the water gasping and gurgling] Not safe! Not safe! [vomits a pink liquid] There's monsters!
Fan: [looking at Murderface's cake, which is coated with a silver frosting] Dude, is that metal frosting? That's amazing! Jean-Pierre: Please do not sample the frosting, it is made of... MERCURY! You will die!
Skwisgaar: Women have a quality attraction to me. Mmm, you got to deal with it. Toki: Oh, I'm dealing with it. Believe me, I'm holding back gallons of throw-up as we speak! Skwisgaar: Don't do me any favors, throw up on yourself.
Senator Stampingston: Gentlemen, it's clear that we're in a universally precarious situation. Dethklok has summoned a troll. General Crozier: That's impossible, there's no such thing as trolls. Senator Stampingston: Then how do you explain the dead unicorns?
Nathan: [into handheld voice recorder] Idea for our last song, ever: "Killed by a Troll."
Skwisgaar: Well, maybe we should takes a break, you know? Being bleak and dark for a living sometimes makes you lose your objectivity for, you know, being bleak and dark.
Auctioneer: And now we will auction the skull from the famous comedian, Buddy Hackett. We'll start this bid at fifty thousand dollars. Skwisgaar: Oh, I gots to have that. Auctioneer: Fifty thousand. Do I hear sixty thousand? Nathan: Yeah. Skwisgaar: This going to be a long night.
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, please be gentle, it's their first time on stage, The Brothers... of DECEPTION!
Nathan: What if your guts was a bowling ball? Well, I bet it would look something like this - [he holds up a bunch of organs in the shape of a sphere] Nathan: Yeah, I'm real sick of my brother, yeah we're twins. Anybody got twins out there? Anybody got one like this? Meet Kuato.
Nathan: Cut Kuato? I'll cut Bodybag before I cut Kuato. Kuato stays. Kuato's gold!
Skwisgaar: They laugh at the dildo who is onstage before us. Toki: That guy was amazing! Are you kidding me? Skwisgaar: He is horribles, Toki. He just made the reference. "Remember this? Remember that?" He is dildo. Toki: But you laugh. Skwisgaar: I did?
Pickles: Well, I really hate myself. Toki: Pickle, you back! We think you gone for good!
Pickles: So, anysways, I just got back from vacation. I went to the beach...for vacation...and...you know what I got at the beach? Crowd: [no response] Pickles: SAND!!! [throws sand to the crowd]
Lorkey: [watching Pickles perform] Eh, can't teach 'em no more. [pulls a pistol from his jacket and shoots himself in the head]
Pickles: [while performing; shooting a rifle in random directions] Oops, I thought this was the NRA!
Pickles: [while performing] Any of you dildos wanna fight? What about you grandma? Wanna fight? Wanna awwww... I'm just messing with you!
[William Murderface begins choking his grandmother for chewing loudly, and Nathan and Pickles pull him off.] William: Sorry! Sorry! I just... It's my fault! I can't stand to see her chew, I just locked in on it! My fault! Sorry!
Skwisgaar Skwigelf: [contemplatively] It appears the yard wolves has grown up. Are we finally finished with thes colds dead winters?
Skwisgaar: You slapped at my face. Dr. Twinkletits: No, I didn't!
Skwisgaar: This idea is dildos.
Charles Ofdensen: Snakes 'N' Barrels' record sales have gone through the roof since the documentary began airing, and there's interest of a reunion tour - Pickles: Okay.
Murderface: Uhhh, I need a backrub. [dejectedly] I miss Pickles.
Pickles: Okay, I know you're all sober now, and I can totally respect that, so I'm going to resist the urge to do drugs and drink around you. I will still do them, but I will excuse myself and go to a different room.
Pickles: Hey Bullets, what's this thing you're wearing, what is this? Snizzy "Snazz" Bullets: It's an invention of mine. It's a strapless guitar that also functions as a girdle. Its called a gu-girdle-itar.
Dr. Romumilif Chesterfield: You guys want to try some Totally Awesome Sweet Alabama Liquid Snake? You're gonna get so high your minds will blow chunks into the Milky Way. And what better way to celebrate the reunion than with a good old fashioned Milky Way chunk blow, hmmm?
Pickles: Okay, let's uh... kick ass tonight! Sammy: Oh wait, I almost forgot, we got some Totally Awesome Sweet Alabama Liquid Snake from a dude. Pickles: Oh, come on guys, I don't wanna encourage any kinda dr- okay, I'll do it!
TV Newsreader: An official statement from Dethklok calls this "A psychotic day of insane celebration for regular jack-offs.".
Facebones: Remember, our snipers have 50 caliber sniper rifles that can kill you from almost 3 miles away. [shows sniper taking person down from long distance] Yikes!
Taped Tour Message: Prepare to see one of the greatest sights you've ever seen, the fastest guitarist alive, in his natural habitat.
Facebones: Hey guys, it's me, Facebones. Now's the time you've all been waiting for. Your very own exclusive super duper exclusive fan song and one time only song videooooo [holds the last syllable for 16 seconds] ...roll it.
Murderface: If they only knew how much we hated them, I mean they just keep crawling back like groveling putrid stupid zombies that just want to eat our brains that is our art.
[The guard brings in the Jomfru brothers.] Pickles: Hey, what are you doing? Guard: He's in a wheelchair my lords, I did not know what to do.
[Nathan walks over and towers over the Jomfru brothers menacingly.] Nathan: Take a walk, before I kill you.
Pickles: Oh come on, screw that Internet crap, I mean come on, what is the Internet, you know? Seriously... what is the Internet?
Ofdensen: Your money's waaaay down there. Behind that door, 'ya see it? Hey, 'ya better hurry up, closing time's in two minutes. I'd serpentine if I were you.
Pickles: Dudes, what the hell is wrong with this guy? He can't stand still. Toki: Maybe he gots to go outside and gos to the... B-A-S-T-H-R-O-H-M-N-S-E.
[after Fatty Ding-Dong has been neutered] Nathan: Hey goofball, look who's all neutered! You are! Yeah you're neutered, huh goofball, yeah! Who's a neutered guy?
Nathan: I think I know what you are all trying to say. I... uh... um... I think we have to build a space helicopter. Pickles: Ah, well, that's impossible, but I think I may have a better idea.
[After abandoning Fatty Ding-Dong on Krangor Island, now the Dethklok Home for Wayward Kitties.] Nathan: Oh he'll be fine, he's fat.
Toki: I thinks I has diabetes. I'm gonna take a fucking nap.
Skwisgaar: Oh lighten up Mr. Dooms N' Glooms, embezzle is metal. Pickles: Who's the guy embezzling from, you know, anyway? Charles Ofdensen: Well, he is embezzling... from you. Nathan: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Nathan: We are really, really good bosses. Skwisgaar: Yeah, I know. We cares about all of dems. It's like a plantations, but de slaves is our friends.
Skwisgaar: [points at dead body of a Klokateer that Agent 216 has killed] Look at this one! Asleeps in some bloods! We gots to gets tougher on these guys maybe huh?
[At a Tribunal meeting.] Senator Stampingston: Nathan Explosion is furthering his education. This could have devastating repercussions!
Nathan: I'm ready. I had that uh, "I'm late for class and I'm in my underwear" dream, but - my palms are sweaty and I can't concentrate, I CAN'T CONCENTRATE! Murderface: That's anxiety! A-N-X-I-E-T.
[Nathan walks into the testing room and sits down.] Nathan: I'm here, uh, to take the GBD.
Murderface: The only reason I have a high school degree is 'cause of a very special principal, who let me just play bass and drink beer and smoke dope because I told him I'd cut his eyes out if he didn't let me graduate.
Nathan: [reading the speech] Harvard... solutions... solutions to you. Ofdensen: [whispers to him] Salutations!
[All Dethklok members exit the bar, extremely drunk. Nathan holds up key to the Murdercycle, swaying.] Skwisgaar Skwigelf: [haltingly] Ares - yous - alrights - to drive? Pickles the Drummer: Nyeah he's fine...
"Murderface: "Hey, is there a bar around here? Man, it's all the same! All religion's the same!"
Ofdensen: That little sick girl is here to see you. Toki: [harsh voice] Tell her to go die! Ofdensen: Well she is dying. Toki: Gooooood!
General Crozier: His name is Dr. Rockso, he's the rock and roll clown. He does cocaine. I'm afraid that's all we know.
[Ofdensen stops the Klokateers about to pursue Dr. Rockso.] Ofdensen: Wait... See where he goes.
Pickles the Drummer: She's probably keeping watch, like a hawk. William Murderface: Yeah, it's another judgemental bird-face band-wrecker. Nathan: What? Murderface: What? Nothing, god you're paranoid. Oh, there's my drink, over there, gotta go!
[At the United States Pornography Awards.] Skwisgaar: And the awards for the best use of a dildo... Pickles: On "Golden Dildo"... Murderface: Dildo-dildo-a-rooney-roo! Toki: "Kissing Lips, the kissing dildo"... Nathan: And the award goes to "Dildo Team Task Force Z".
General Crozier: Kill 'em all.
The President: It pains me that I do not have the ability to bring Dethklok back to the public. Therefore, I give you this. [pulls out a shotgun and shoots himself in the mouth, and begins gurgling.]
Nathan: Don't you take away my ability to have tantrums! Alright? That you cannot have! Alright?! YOU ROBOT!
Ofdensen: Oh, and remember, start thinking about that new record. Murderface: ROBOT!
Senator Stampingston: Gentlemen, it appears that Dethklok...IS BACK.
Murderface: [enters Skwisgaar's room] Hey, uh Skwisgaar? That whole 'Toki getting good ting?' Just kidding, all a lie. See ya'. [leaves fast]
Boy: [on his computer] Aww, cool! Dethklok mp3s! [a message appears on his computer] "You are downloading this album ILLEGALLY! The consequences are GRAVE!" HA HA HA! Yeah right! CLICK! Aww, this is gonna take a while, what should I do in the mean time? Eh, I guess I'll jack off.
Nathan: A bunch of caged rats....that's what we are! A bunch of caged rats that are also death metal musicians! Murderface:We're the rats and look what's on the other side of the cage.Douchbag. Skwisgaar/Toki/Murderface/Pickles: Douchebag
Murderface: We've got no friends... Nathan: I know, it's just us. We're not friends, are we? Skwisgaar: (firmly) No. Murderface: (disgusted) Oh God, no.
Nathan: Hey, where'd my me go?
Murderface: Even though we are venturing into the world of fashion, I am here to assure all of you...I am not gay.
Nathan: [seeing the "special leather" room] OH WHAT A HORRIBLE--Oh, you're fired, by the way. [Resumes screaming]
Doctor: Your metabolism has slowed down. Popsicles are just pure sugar. Skwisgaar: YEAH?! THEYS PURE GREAT!
Dr. Rockso: [crying] I do cocaine.
Nathan: Rockso. Fuckin' clown. Boy, I really hate that guy. Skwissgar: Yeah, I should fucking horse-whip hims. Pickles: Yeah, he is a menace. A home-grown menace. Toki: Oh, he just misunderstoods.
Dr. Rockso: (shown getting out of a car) Hey, man I said $20 for an HJ, not a measly ten! (Pickles looks shocked and disgusted, Toki only looks slightly surprised)
Dr. Rockso: Let's go get some hookers and ice k-k-k-k...reeeaaam!
Nathan: (reading his intervention letter to Dr. Rockso) "Dr. Rockso; I hate you, and I think you should die, you are an idiot and I hate your voice, there's no room on this paper to properly describe how much I hate you, go die." There, is that good?
Toki: (Dr. Rockso gives him a large version of his own head made of balloons) Oh, wowie, looks just like me! Nathan, look! Nathan: (unenthusiastically) Yeah, that's great. Dr. Rockso: I can make you one. Nathan: Uh, yeah...go. To jail, now.
News Reporter: Dr. Rockso, are you guilty? Dr. Rockso: All I know is this, my name is Dr. Rockso, the Rock N' Roll clown...and I used to do cocaine! I'm k-k-k-k-k clean! [Dethklok members cheer for him; Rockso gets a bloody nose] Uh-oh. [nose falls off]
(Murderface's song) Murderface: A million miles from nowhere, Dragon Lance burns hot. By the fire of a horse's ghost, a minnow would be lost... Cha-cha-cha-changes... mmmm, Tits... A fish... A fish with tits. Titty fish.
General Crozier: Dethklok should be kept as far away from the institution of marriage as possible. Marriage has suffered enough.
Mr. Salacia: We mustn't intervene, General. We will allow Dethklok to experience...the blackness!
Nathan: Don't take this the wrong way, Pickles, but...your brother's kind of, hm...kind of a weird, greedy dick, y'know? [Pickles, looking very stressed out, blinks unresponsively]
Nathan: [watching an engaged Seth get a lap-dance from a stripper] Boy, there's nothing like love, is there? Toki: No, it's great! Murderface: He's really gonna be a good husband.
[Drunkenly talking to an elderly woman] Toki: Mes gonna do solo albums. All Toki. It's gonna be called Toki... IS THE KING!!! Oh, hold on. Mmm- [gags] Oh I got to throws up- [gags] throws up and takes a nap. [throws up on his suit] GOOD NIGHTS! [passes out]
Toki: Oh, Pickle don't look good. Pickle looks scared! Liz Bane: He's fine. This is outstanding exposure. Nathan: Who the hell is this lady? Toki: Oh, that's Pickle new P.R. lady. Nathan: She's not a groupie? Toki: No. Nathan: Never mind then.
Pickles: [drunk] AND THE WINNER IS "CINNAMON BUNS!!!" STARRING PICKLES THE DRUMMER, DIRECTED BY VODKA AND BEER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!! [collapses]
Liz Bane: You've been behind that drum kit for way too long, Pickles. This is your time. It's time... for Pickles.
Skwisgaar & Toki: [at the same time in constant rhythm, sometimes getting faster] Stops copys me! Stops copys me! Stops copys me! [repeats]
Murderface: [whispering] Hey, whatcha readin' there? Nathan: [whispering] Nothin', just...hey man, why don't you brush your teeth? Murderface [whispering] You can't brush your teeth in a library, that's ridiculous.
Pickles: [excitedly] They're getting yopo!! If we're gonna die, we're gonna die high!!
[after Nathan reads that his grandmother ate his grandfather in a cannibal soup] Murderface: Ate her husband in soup... Pickles: That is so totally Cannibal Corpse.
Murderface: [talking about being governor] We don't fill out paper work, and fill out government forms, and wear suits and ties like...grr, dildos! [realizes; to Ofdensen] No offense! Ofdensen: None taken.
Old Man: [staring at Nathan Explosion's statue] Best fucking governor Florida ever had! [gets shot]
Nathan: [holding a press conference] What am I supposed to be saying? What am I supposed to be saying? Hey, what am I supposed to be...oh right right right. That governor guy, he said I shouldn't have a holiday or something? Fuck him, right? Fuck that guy.
Nathan: I swear to govern the fuck out of this piece of shit state! Now lemme hear your guns!
[Toki goes mad with power and abuses his aide.] Toki: Jumps out the window! Finds me a paper clip! You dos what I say or I haves you all killed! Now shits your pants! Nathan: Toki, your boner is showing.
Press Person: Wait, I don't understnad, this is supposed to be what...a Nascar-type Theatrical Hybrid Event?
Nathan: Hey...our show's gonna be bad..because I have a cold...so does Skwisgaar, Murderface, Pickles and....[spotlight shines on Toki] uhhh......ummmmm.....we'll just play one song.
Nathan: Hey guys. You know I'm gonna start dating again, and I just thought...welll I'd like you to try your best not to fuck that up for me. There. I feel better having said that. [leaves]
Ofdensen: Hey uh...Nathan. I uh...understand you're experiencing a little bit of uh...girl trouble. [Nathan gives no response] Just wanted to lend you a shoulder to uh...you know to uh...you...you seem like you're okay. For the record I tried. [leaves]
Woman: [to Murderface] Why don't you make like a bass guitar and be inaudible?
[Murderface just jumped in the way of the oin extractor preventing it from impacting Nathan's crotch.] Nathan: Wow...I never actually knew that a cock-block could save your life...thank you Murderface. Murderface: That's okay man, I'm a hero. I'M A REAL HERO!
Charles: I've grown quite accustomed to working with Dethklok, and, uh, you'd probably have to kill me to get them away from me. This is good brandy. Really good brandy.
Skwisgaar: So's. Your dads gots the Bigs K: Cancers.
[after the band states they can't go with Toki because they needed to record the album] Ofdensen: Okay. Off to the recording room. Chop chop. Let's go. To the studio. Let's go. Get up. We gotta record...
Murderface: :[a firecracker just exploded in his hand] That's my bass playing hand! Pickles: [sarcastic] Uh-oh! There goes the band!
[Toki's father has just fallen into a river] Toki: Oh, he sinks into the darkness!
Murderface: TOKI, I'LL KILL YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!
William Murderface: Hey mama...Follow me if you want to live.
Nathan: Such a shame, she's so hot, but so fucking crazy. Toki: Yous just figures that out? All the hots ones is crazy! Nathan: Huh. Guess you're right. Toki: And deh ugly ones too.
Damian: Look at this long haired monkey! [referring to Nathan Explosion] What kind of music do you play? Nathan Explosion: Death Metal! [punches Damian]
Nathan Explosion (young): [after punching Damian during a meeting] Sorry....uh...again. Charles Ofdensen: Mm-hmm. What do I tell you guys before every meeting? Nathan Explosion: Try not to punch people. Charles Ofdensen: Try not to punch people. That's correct.
Nathan Explosion: Shut up with the fucking construction, man! CAN'T YOU SEE THAT HUNG OVER PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP?! [gets up] How can people grow up listening to all that racket? [turns on some Black Metal; he looks somewhat annoyed] There that's better.
Fan: My friends are never gonna believe me! [that he met Nathan Explosion and snuck into Mordhaus] See you guys later! [opens the door with three other girls and they all fall to their death]
Nathan: Welcome to Dethklok's Dorito Land! [two people get electrocuted trying to enter] And I'd like to remind you all that Dorito Land is not open to the public....it's just for us. Sorry.
[The power shuts off at Mordhaus] Skwisgaar: Uh, Williams, did yous pay the electrics bill? Murderface: Oh, what am I gonna pay it with, my farts?
Nathan: Guys I've been crunching numbers and financially... I don't know how to say this but we're fucked. Thanks to Murderface's sandscape, we're in the red. Good one Murderface. Murderface: [stares and says nothing]
Murderface: The uh- the construction has stopped. Toki: That's because they don't gets paid, stupid!
Nathan: Wow, what a shit-hole. Look at that stage, it's fucking tiny! Pickles: Oh wait, no dude, it's just an optical illusion. It just looks small because it's really far away. Check it out, I'll walk all the way over to it. [walks right into the stage] Holy shit! That's tiny!!
Jimmy Palomino: It's my pleasure to welcome to the stage Norman Blowup, Pockles the Drummer, Toolkie Wolfpaint, Billy Butterface, and Skwisgaar Skwigelf! Skwisgaar: Didn'ts even change my names?!
Murderface Guys, I gotta direct this all back to me for a second, Okay?. Look... A doctor jacked me off in his face, and the more I think about it, the less okay I am with it. You know what i'm saying?
[Nathan and his dentist are hunting] Nathan Explosion: Hey man I gotta tell ya. One of the coolest hunting trips I've ever been on. Dentist: I'm really glad we've become pals, Mr. Explosion. Check this out. [sticks his rifle in his mouth and kills himself]
Toki: [enters meeting room] Whats I miss? Murderface: TOKI! Why do you smell like piss and cocaine? Toki: Oh that's not me. Dr. Rockso: Oh k-k-k-k-k-k-k-Hanukkah! A-k-k-k-k-hello!
Nathan: A rap-rock band with a DJ? Somebody tell this band what year it is.
Nathan: Look -- there's nothing I hate more than that fucking clown, but there isn't anything I won't do to hang out with MICKEY MOUSE!
Dethkone Tagline: Dethkones. Icy and brutal!
Ofdensen's Assistant: Pardon me sir, but did you just order 70 million units of- Ofdensen: Yeah.
Ofdensen: Did you...book a gig...in Syria...without telling me?! Pickles: Eh... Murderface: Why are you yelling at us?
Nathan: There's something bigger to think about. Our manager finally hates us...
Ofdensen: Now, if for some reason, I can't convince one of these two countries to reschedule, we could be the cause of World War III...which will hurt record sales. And that's our bread and butter they're fucking with.
[Nathan shocks Skwisgaar with the defibrillator. Skwisgaar loses consciousness and control of his bladder.] Nathan: Skwisgaar! It appears as if someone has peed your pants!
Nathan: Pickles, wake up, we gotta go get Toki! Pickles: Okay, Nathan, do you think you're over parenting Toki, just a little bit? Nathan: Uhhhh...[seeing Murderface and Skwisgaar in the bed] What the fuck are you guys doing in his bed? Pickles: I'd rather not talk about it.
Nathan: [cornering Toki's bully, holding Toki's broken snow globe] Tell me. Which hand do you fret with?
Monks (Group):DoomSTAR! DoomSTAR!
Klokkateers: Bow before the Doomstar, Klok keeps ticking further!
Charle: Life on Earth will be eclipsed, The looming Metalocalypse! One of you must die! One of you must die!
Priest:*Standing in the middle of The Church* Dethklok, they must be rejoined! Evil, it must be destroyed! No more apathetic, stoic... They can learn to be heroic. Write the song that will be our salvation...
Nine interviews viewable as extras on the Season 1 boxset. All but 'Future' and 'Food' are available online at Adult Swim
Education helps you, uh... learn.
Nathan: Yeah, edu- what I learned was without education you can't get drunk...you can't crash cars...you can't pee into someone's face... Murderface: Yeah, education. Nathan: Yeah...Yeah, that's the smartests thing you've ever said. Murderface: Except that one thing.
Murderface: Oh, it's a meta, meta-joke...meta...
Skwisgaar: I don't have anything to say about family! So I will, uh.... be shuttings down now.
Toki: I often thinks of the days in Norway when...family.... Pants&#65279; down... Spank...
Murderface: I resemble my grandmother, and that makes me want to burn up from the inside to the out... side, and- (belches)
Skwisgaar: One time, I was standing, uh, line at the bank, uh, trying to cash in a paycheck when I work, you know, as a teenager, and uh, actually, it took so long in line I had a natural disaster. In my pants.
"I never realized how white our eyes were until this darkness."
"We only know when we're moving when we occasionally blink." -Nathan Explosion
Murderface: Well, their souls were created in hell. Nathan: That is true. Women's souls were created because women ate, what? The forbidden fru- Murderface: The forbidden rib!
Toki: Yeah, I thinks the serpents supposed to be...the penis, with the apple supposed to be one ball, like Hitler!
Murderface: Ah, women. .... Well.... they smell nice, but they are soul-murderers.
Killface: [calling out] Sinn! [Sinn enters the room] Killface: If you would, please draw a bath for our lovely guest here. And please get this place decorpsed
Killface: [to Simon] We can't ever go back to Arizona!
Killface: [watching Taqu'il on TV], Can't watch tellie for five seconds without seeing that jibbering hooligan and here I am reduced to ... post cards, the dry hump of marketing strategies.
Hooker: Oh my God Xander: I did not mean for her to see this Hooker: Xander Crews Xander: Lets go back to the big black thing. Hooker: You're Awesome-X!
Xander: Hey! Tone, of Voice
Taqu'il: Cameraman, cameraman, can you push in on this? It says "Welcome to you-apostraphe-r-e doom"? Verl: And he's got "doom" in quotes, which it shouldn't be. Mitzi: Oh I just hate it when people do that. I just want to throw acid in their face.
Mitzi: "Big guy" is right. Look at those pecs! [Applause] I wish I had a chest like that. Ba-dum-bum! X-tacle #1: [watching on the ship with the other X-tacles] I wish I had someone like her growing up. X-tacle #2: Dude, save it for group.
Verl: Big guy, how much ya bench? Killface: I don't know, really... Verl: I bet you do 240. Killface: Actually, it's closer to 900. Verl: 900 pounds this guy... Killface: No, no, sorry that's kilos.
Randy: Introducing the Scion tC! The bold, sleek styling is all like ka-kow, but the 2.4-liter dual overhead cam engine with 160-horsepower is all like KA-KOW!
X-tacle #3: [on the Scion tC] I could take that to the beach. X-tacle #4: [raising hand] Shotgun! X-tacle #2: You at the beach, with your skin?
X-tacles: [chanting] Scion tC! Mao: [watching in store] Sci-ron t-She!
[in the office to Stan] Xander: Gimme some glitter on here! Stan: You can't fax glitter. Xander: Well, not with that attitude. Stan: Not with any attitude!
Stan: Well calm down. It's not prom night. Watley:Yeah, cause I'm not... getting... raped.
Phil: Sir, don't you think it's kind of weird how the prize money for this thing is exactly the amount we need to finish the Annihilatrix? Killface: No, I think it's weird that you question me every...time there's a...thing.
Waiter: [after having sex with Grace] Wow. Thanks, lady. Wait 'til the guys at school hear about this. Grace: Oh my God. Waiter: Do you like X-Box? Grace: Sweetie, I'm tired.
Xander: Watley, take the damn ant-farm keyboards to the dump. Oh, and that radioactive waste can also go.
Grace: [putting on lipstick] Do you even know how huge this Killface interview will be for me? Cameraman: So huge your boyfriend will learn your name? Grace: Why would you even say that? Cameraman: Because I care about you, we all do. Grace: Really? Cameraman: No, we don't.
Watley: And I'll put the ant-farm keyboards in the radioactive waste, thereby minimizing the ecological impacts of both! Way to go Watley, you're doin it!
Cameraman: So what's this now, some kind of calm before the weird berserker storm? Grace: When I'm onstage at the Airport Radisson accepting my local Peabody, I'm not gonna mention any of you.
Killface: [to Simon] I'm so proud of you. We're going to split a half-pint of lager and watch Cinemax all night.
[After Grace falls from the Annihilatrix and into the tub of radioactive waste, everyone just stares looking down] Killface:...Oh my God she fell... Cameraman: ...awesome
Xander: What the hell do you want? X-tacles: [trading punches and demands] We want a living wage! And some health insurance! And some flex hours, bitch!
X-tacle: So you want it in the face or...? Xander: No, not my handsome face! X-tacle: Aw, just kidding, you don't get to pick.
X-tacle: See you in hell dick.
Killface: Great! The one person in the world I want to kidnap, and now he's missing!
[After Simon has broken yet another cereal bowl] Killface: I mean it's every morning. Watley: [Appearing from nowhere] Yeah, you gotta establish some boundaries. [Pause] Killface: [Coldly] Eager to know why you're here.
X-tacle #1: If he is Awesome X, that means he's been lying to us all these years. X-tacle #2: Yeah, which is...actually pretty uncool.
Killface: When I get back from the bowl store, I want this apartment to be a crab-and-cancer-free zone. Sinn: Arthur can't be moved. I think his ribs are all smashed up inside. Killface: Well my foot hurts, so we're even
Stan: Then call Grace Ryan. Set up a late supper, just the two of us, because now that I've assumed Xander Crews' professional position, I think it's high time I assume the position with his lovely paramour.
Ronnie: I will I will, please to be picking me, guys. Please. Xtacle: Fine Ronnie, but don't let him escape. Ronnie: *Sinister laughter* Oh, you don't worry about that, guys.
Ronnie: [holding a blonde wig and superglue] Now, I will glue this to your head, and then I make love to your face.
Antagone: Unhand it or suffer my wrath. Killface: Now see here, woman. If anyone's wrath is going to be suffered, it's mine. Antagone: It's not wise to antagonize Antagone! Killface: I'm sorry, Auntie who? Antagone: Antagone! Killface: Was "Betty Bug Lady" already taken?
Killface: Once again, the mall has become my Waterloo. [Grabbing a post] I surrender. Antagone: A wise choi-- [She is hit with the post] Killface: And the next one's right in the tit!
X-tacle: Where the hell is Crews?! And where are your pants?
(The bank explodes, knocking Killface and Phillip away) Phillip: My loofah, where's my loofah?! Killface: Shut up, Phil.
Xander crews: And for your information managing a workforce the size of the X-tacles is... Nerd #1: Yeah. Xander crews: Like, that takes management skills. Nerd #1: It Does. Nerd #2: So your superpower is... management? Baffling. Xander Crews: You're a bitch.
Killface: [blind] I'm quite sure it was a twenty! Waiter: Dude, it's a ten. Killface: Oh, is that how you pay for the benzoyl peroxide I smell steaming off your greasy face?
Xander: It's gone! It's all gone! The billionaire money is gone, the superhero stuff and the X-tacle fighting force is also gone, and the girlfriend is gone, and even the nerds now are gone, and I got nobody to help me! Might as well be David Arquette!
Killface: Piping hot hell in a bloody hatbox!
X-tacle #2: Did Awesome X seem kind of weird to you guys? X-tacle #1: Probably just the mustache. X-tacle #2: Yeah, mustaches are cool. X-tacle #1, #2, #3: Magnum, P.I.! X-tacle #4: Rick Simon! [The other X-tacles turn and look at him.] Also had a mustache.
[The Xtacles are passing a 'Paint your own pottery' shop] X-tacle #1: Dude, we have to do this. X-tacle #2: No, y'know, I don't think we have time. [X-tacle #4's head explodes] X-tacle #1: We got a whole hour!
Xander: You don't know how to do anything! Killface: I know how not to let my son run off in robot pants with a fistful of knifes! Xander: Yeah, you're a fantastic parent. [Killface brakes the car to a screeching halt.] Killface: You take that back. Xander: [quietly] Sorry.
X-tacle #3: [His GPS tracker has picked up the signal in the Robot pants] Guys, come on! He's right outside! X-tacle #2: Wait, my paint's not dry. X-tacle #3: I told you not to glob it on like that.
X-tacle #2: That's not Crews, that's Nearl, the local retarded wino guy. X-tacle #3: Yeah...right now. [Taps on the the car window, which Nearl rolls down] Hey, Nearl! Nearl: I am Nearl! X-tacle #3: You wanna make fifty bucks? Nearl: Okay!
[Xander and Killface proceed to board the sweatshop truck.] Killface: This bus could use a stick-up. Xander: [blind] Yeah, it smells like shattered dreams.
Nearl: What's your names, guys?
Nearl: Is this really Babar's house?
X-tacle #2: Nearl... I'm gonna kill Babar.
X-Tacle #1: Nearl? Nearl: "Mr. Crews" will do nicely. Although I can't say the same for that winged collar.
Stan: What are "whammies"?
Young Nearl: I don't wanna go to the monkey hospital! Young Xander: But Nearl wanna stay with mummy and daddy and brother Xandy! Mrs Crews: No Xander, he's dead to us Young Xander: (Starts crying) Mr Crews: Now; who's for Denny's? Young Xander: (Instantly stops crying) Grandslam!
[a fellow slave has given Killface a radish] Killface: Barnaby, tell him thank you. [Xander Crews thanks him in a foreign language] Try to make it sound a little sarcastic.
Killface: Well, a train's not an iron rooster but that's what they call it in China! Xander Crews: Really? Old Spice: [Laughs, speaks in chinese] It's a colorful language.
Xander Crews: Oh, that's just crazy China man talk. Killface: Barnaby, make those words English! Xander Crews: I kinda think he said... death rabbits.
["Previously" on "Frisky Dingo"] Sinn: I can't believe Killface fired me. Well, revenge shall be mine. Valerie: [kicking out the painting] No! Revenge shall be mine!
X-tacle #1: I can't believe Xander Crews had a twin brother! X-tacle #2: Yeah, until Ronnie shot him in the face.
X-tacle #1: Has anyone got a prayer? X-tacle #2: Oh! Uh... It's more of a limerick."
X-tacle #2: There once was a dead guy named Nearl. He rode around town on a squirrel. He said to the pig... I... don't actually have one. X-tacle #1: Fantastic.
Killface: So if I'm here... this way... oh, here's an idea, indicate north. Otherwise it's not a map. It's just a drawing. Xander Crews: So get this, he didn't even have a car. Killface: Well thank God we sorted that out. Xander Crews: Yeah. Killface: Now will you please come on!
Torpedo Vegas: I don't even have any coins you bitch!
Killface: Don't listen to him, he's crazy! Xander Crews: Was Patty Hearst crazy when she kidnapped the Lindbergh twins? Killface: Barnaby - just...turn six, alright?
Torpedo Vegas: Okay, I'll let you have the kid back if, and this is the part I kinda like, if you two fight to the death. Killface: [Immediately] Done. Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: What?
Taqu'il: Oh God I love Chinatown. Torpedo Vegas: Ah tonights death rabbit boughts have been cancelled. Drycleaner: What the hell damn guy! Taqu'il: Oh man I hate Chinatown.
Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Do you hear a dial tone? 'Cause Barnaby Jones is off the hook!
X-Tacle #1: Hey Ronnie, isn't that your rape wig? Ronnie: Yes, is one of them. X-Tacle #1: KILL HIM! Drycleaner: You Know the Law! Taqu'il: This is Chinatown!
Killface: No, look at his face! Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: What? Killface: He's got the mind of a child! Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Aw.
Killface: No, I won't kill my best friend! Torpedo Vegas: I like that. [laughs awkwardly] Killface: Excuse me? Torpedo Vegas: Your words have moved me, Killface. And I'm not a man easily moved. This man, Barnaby Jones, may live.
Torpedo Vegas: So, why'd you two sneak into my lair? Killface: I- Xander Crews: He kidnapped me! I have Patty Hearst Syndrome!
Torpedo Vegas: Son, what can I say? This was a phenomenally great idea you had here. And your cut is... forty, thirty grand. Yeah, you can count it, if you wanna be a douchebag all your life. Simon: What? Torpedo Vegas: AHAHAHAHAHA! Naw, I'm kiddin'...don't worry about it.
Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: So hey. Thanks for not killing me. Things got a little crazy back there. Killface: Barnaby, how could I kill my best friend? Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Yeah... Killface: Barnaby, we're BFF!
Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: Yeah, I am actually [Takes off wig and glasses] Xander Crews! Killface: What! Xander Crews/Barnaby Jones: [runs off] Woo woo woo!
Wendell: Cody's down!
Wendell: You do not fuck with the department of labor!
Killface: As God is my witness, I will have my revenge on Xander Crews!
Xander Crews: Whoa, whoa, whoa, hang on. I'm just gonna do one question. From, uh... Grace Ryan: Ooh! Ooh! Me! [Xander sighs] Please pick- Xander Crews: Darcel Jones! From Team Jaguar! How are you doing? You should call it Team Sexy!
Phil: Well, I'd better deposit this check. Thanks for the drink, enjoy the pickles, and if you find my Zune, just give me a c- [Phil's head is blasted off] Killface: Bugger me. (calls out) Hey Simon! Want to see something neat? Phil's head just exploded, like a ham!
[ontop a roof with a sniper rifle] Valerie: Why 's it always got to be my ass? There's a... there's a person in this ass.
[On learning that Stan has bought the Annihilatrix with his entire fortune] Xander: You mean I'm not a billionaire anymore? How does this impact Train Island?!
Killface: [Answers cell phone] Hello? Xander Crews: [sighs over phone] What's up, Douchington? Killface: No, no Douchington here- Hey, is that Xander Crews?
Killface: [About Xander Crews] Absolute monarch of all bumsnackers.
Killface: [To his son Simon] I hate to say it, but frankly, you're becoming something of a liability. You'll never get that hermit crab at this rate.
Xander Crews: You got my money? Killface: It's right here! You got my key? Xander Crews: Duh! Killface: [Petulant] You don't have to be crappy.
Killface: It's alright, there's a failsafe. Xander: I don't know or care what that is!
Simon: Hahahaha... Boosh!
Valerie: [Mocking Killface] Oh please don't kill me. Please don't make it so appealing. I'm a douche. [shoots and misses, killing Phil instead] Damn it!
X-tacles: (playing with beach ball, while everyone else screams) Boosh, boosh, boosh, boosh...
Killface: Would've died, too, if those couplings hadn't melted. Interviewer: 'Cause your plan was to push the Earth into the sun, right? Killface: Obviously not, because, you know...end result
Killface: Where are we, what are we doing? Dottie: We're going broke, is what we're doing Killface: Well, that's hard to believe. I know we're all making sacrifices. Dottie: (on €149 Schnapps) But I paid for this personally. Killface: No, you didn't.
Killface:Oh, the smell of those barbecues. It's like, just put my nose in a saddle. "Mmm, whose saddle is this? That's uncle Taint's. How long's he been ridin' Tex? Oh, pert near three days. Well, let's eat... buddy."
Dottie: I either just had a stroke, or the most brilliant idea ever. Killface: Well, your blood's too thin for a stroke, so let's hear it.
Camera Man: Excuse me! [Camera zooms in on Xander, standing in the street, with a see-through pink shirt, and pink shorts. There is a pause.] Xander:.....What?!
Camera Man: This is a documentary about Killface. Xander: Killfa-[Scoffs]-is it called Check Me Out, I Suck? Guk-guk-guk [deapthroating sounds]
Camera Man: Well, it's been a year now- Xander: A Year?! It's really been a whole year? What's today? Camera Man: Thursday. Xander: Oh my God, it has been a year.
Xander: Apparently, it's been here the whole time...SUCKERS!!
Carter: Immigration--why not have a massive pedestrian overpass to Canada? [TV shuts off] Xander: Man, I was gonna do a pedestrian overpass to Canada. I was gonna call it the "Spicspan."
Killface: [Observing the campaign bus for the first time} Wendell, you've outdone yourself! Wendell: Well, now I know how Diego Rivera must have felt when he was banging Frida Kahlo. Tea bagging the unibrow.
Killface: Wendell, this is the greatest campaign in the history of the wo-- [Xander's low-flying campaign jet buzzes the bus, blowing out the windows] Killface: Son of a WHORE!
Killface: Don't you have any sodding leads? Wendell: [holding panties] Just these, I guess the assassin must've dropped them. Val: [whispering, hidden in closet] Damn it! Wendell: Which... [inhaling deeply from panties] actually might just be a red herring.
Dottie: We can't afford an airplane. Killface: Well, maybe if you'd lay off the platinum-infused highballs.
Dottie: You couldn't pour pee out of a boot if the directions were on the heel. Wendell: Woman, they had pricing tiers! Dottie: Oh, go tell it to your albino whores. Wendell: I...will not even dignify that with a response. Killface: Yeah, please don't.
Taqu'il: We can win this election. Killface: How? Giving out free bus rides? Dottie: Well, who wants to ride in some crappy old bus with no windows? [Baby Lamont happily chirps] Oh, you just like trips.
Killface: [after Simon shoots down Xander's plane] Take that, you bum-snacking Republican! Taqu'il: Damn it, I thought we were going to campaign on the issues! Killface: Oh, lighten up.
Grace: If you leave me to burn to death in this plane, we are just finished! Xander: Well...we'll always have Vegas. Grace: That wasn't me! Xander: Well...okay. [Xander, with Stan on his back, jumps out] Grace: You bastard! God, still can't stay mad at him! [Jumps out after him]
Stan: Thank you for saving me. Xander: Hey, don't get all Sophie's Choice, man. You know, think of all the sympathy cooz I'm gonna get. "Oh, where's your girlfriend," "Oh, she burned to death," "Oh, my god, put your penis in my vagina." I'll be killin' it, man.
[Suddenly Grace falls and manages to grab on to Xander, hanging on as they float down] Xander: You are like a bad penny.
Killface: You should be out doing this too. Taqu'il: Two movies: Surviving the Game, Deliverance. Not gonna happen.
Killface: [going towards duck call] Come on, it's over that way. Xander: Dibs on the dark meat... Killface: Shut up! Xander: ...she said. Killface: Turn six!
Killface: Do you want to argue over it until we both die of hypothermia? Xander: No, but I'm prepared to! Killface: Fine, we'll do it together. [Xander chuckles] Killface: Would you turn six, please?!
Xander: Two... [Val pops up from marsh with rifle and fires three shots, followed by two off-screen splashes] Val: Three. [Makes duck call]
Killface: Barnaby, my God, did you see that? Xander: Yeah, and I'm curious to know where the fuck she got robot pants!
Dottie: ...and, as you know, American voters insist on a Christian president. Killface: That's me. I'm Christian in spades! Dottie: But you have to be subtle about it. Killface: I'm subtle in spades! Taqu'il: They also don't want you to use the word "spades" all the damn time.
Grace: As a Democrat, don't you support a woman's right to choose? Killface: You mean her right to be a whore?
Wendell: [Wendell is visiting Cody in jail. Cody has the appearance of a stereotypical 'prison bitch'.] So, you think you could move some product in here? Cody: [sighs] I'll...have to check with Gary. Wendell: Who the hell's Gary? [long pause as Cody looks down] Ohhh.
Xander: I do have shortlist of four tentative maybes. Stan: [grabbing list]] Let's see here... Xander: Okay, Snatch-mo. Stan: [reading] Roxanne, the Real Roxanne, Roxanne Shanté, and Salman Rushdie. Xander: Which...I think it's actually "Salmon."
Xander: Huh, well, we'll just see what old Wikipedia has to say about this Canada business... Why is, um... nothing's happening here. Stan: You're not connected to the Internet! Xander: The what?
Stan: How good is... your reading? Xander: Not great.
Waitress: Sir, care to sample a yummy wee-muf? Stan: [typing] Why the hell would you come over here and presume that I would want a yummy... mmmmmiss-muf?
Stan: Hahaha! See! It's not Vice President of the United States and Canada!
Killface: [looking at Lamont's homemade "get well soob" card] Damn it, Lamont, what did I say about the macaroni?!
Stan: Give my regards to Hooper. Xander: [in Awesome X gear]And what's that supposed to mean? You know, I hate it...with your little snotty foreshadowing.
Deceptacle #3: Sing the song, dude. Awesome X: There's a song?! Deceptacle #3: [singing] Deceptacles... Deceptacles: [joining in] More than you bargained for. [One does a drum solo] Deceptacle #4: Way to ruin it, "Neil Peart"
Deceptacle #1: Let's hear it for Hooper's titties!
Dottie: [Dottie's hair is comming off in clumps] How do you expect to win this debate if you're not prepared? Killface: Well, how do you expect me to prepare with you sloughing off fuzz like a new towel?
Interviewer: So you and Ronnie... A little history? Xander Crews: A little bit, yeah... [Flashback to Ronnie preparing to rape Xander in season 1] Which... Not what I call making love. I'd call it "The Shame-spear... of... hurt".
Awesome X: We need to go warn Killface. Ronnie: But why to help not only mortal enemy, but also political opponent? Awesome X: Not that it's any of your business, but...I have no plausible explanation.
Xander: I can't go to a presidential debate dressed like this. Wendell: Ya, you kinda look like a boob Xander: You have boobs. Snap. Ronnie: Baby's lunch bag. Wendell: Yum yum yum yum yum Ronnie: Eat that lunch baby
Xander: I should have a tuxedo there. [Cut to Xander in front of mansion, wearing tuxedo t-shirt] ...or this poly-cotton suckfest!
Decepticle: I saw the big pants first. The gold doubloon is mine.
Xander: [last words to Ronnie] Stay gold, Pony Boy.
Grace: [whispering] Psst, Xander. Killface: Wave to Newslady. [Lamont waves and chirps] Grace: Hey, you.
Antagone: Come, my chitinous friend. Your mistress summons you from the briny deep. Watley: Ka-Kow!
Interviewer: And they are good looking slacks. Are they stain resistant? Killface: Well, I certianly hope so. Interviewer: And why's that? Killface: [shoots Interviewer] ...Because my bird is dead. And now I really shall destroy this VILE PLANET! [Shoots camera]
Deceptacle #1: All this time we thought you were this super cool dude Hooper, who just happened to have great tits! Deceptacle #2: When really, you're some other dude who just happens to have great tits! Sinn: I'm a woman! Idiots...
Killface: I want to meet this hobbit of yours--Bobo T. Baggins. [pause] Oh my God, I just got that! I think I'm gonna throw up!
Killface: Son of a filthy, fat-titted whore! (Simon mumbles) Oh, piss on the swear jar!
Deceptacle #1: Who the hell was that? Deceptacle #2: That's Steve, from machete squad. Deceptacle #3: We have a machete squad? Deceptacle #2: Yeah, that guy Steve's on it.
Wendell: I just killed a man for her; she don't even know my name. High school all over again.
Doctor: I can't believe you paid your daughter a million dollars never to contact you again. Xander: Hey, she's no angel. She signed the contract too. Doctor: Yeah...you were a huge dick.
Antagone: It hurts! Wendell: Yeah, it hurts! It's fucking ruined!
Wendell: Big push, big push! Wait, wait, wait, stop, stop, stop! Antagone: What?! Wendell: I'm gonna throw up. (Hovers to bathroom) Antagone: Get back here! Wendell: (in bathroom, having vomited) Do you have any Scope? Antagone: Get your fat ass back here!
Killface: What are you doing here? Xander: Well, I'm not here to buy douchebags, so it doesn't really concern you.
Wendell: You ever taken a dump and you throw up on your dick? (Discovers that Cody2 has eaten Antagone's head and right arm) Bad Cody II! Wendell: (taking off his belt) We are about to establish some boundaries.
Val: (seeing Wendell and Cody II escaping) Now what do we do?! Deceptacle: Well, for starters, we're gonna need a bigger onesie. Cliff: Like, fifty times I said that.
Killface: All right, robots, make 'em clatter. (Deceptacles do nothing) Means drop your weapons.
Val: Well, now what do we do? Deceptacle: I don't know about you guys, but I'm not just gonna sit here while 600 pounds of crab meat goes bad!
Stan: What about the World Court? Taqu'il: C'mon, man, the Hague is a fucking joke. Stan: Good point.
(Xander's Phone): Ca-at Par-taay... Xander: Hang on. Go time. Killface: "Cat Party." "Welcome to five months ago!" Xander: Welcome to "shut up, I'm on the phone"! Killface: I'm down with "Dog Party" now. (Killface's Phone): Do-og Par-taay...
Xander: No wonder he loves cock...ney accents! (hums the opening bars of "Rule, Britannia!")
Taqu'il: Man, this launch panel is just a breeder reactor wired to the ignition of a '98 Celica. Stan, I can hot-wire this. Stan: Um, we may have a larger problem. (Killface and Xander are holding him at gunpoint) Killface: Yes, I'm afraid you do.
Wendell: Cody II is down!
Killface: Mother! Lady Mom: Evelyn! Xander: Evelyn?! Killface: It's a man's name!
Lady Mom: Why haven't you destroyed this planet? Killface: Well, uh, you see... Lady Mom: (gasps) And where are your clothes?! Killface: Welp... Funny story.
Black Debbie: Hey, Stormy. Stormy: Hey, bla-. Debbie. [Pause] Hey, do you like rap?
Debbie: Now what in the Hell is that supposed to mean? Sparks: It's like veal... only babies.
Stormy: It all comes down to the fact that you all have far more fast twitch muscle fiber.
Sparks: RIBS! DRIPPING WITH SAUCE! FALLING OFF THE BONE
Stormy: Don't go out there, that black chick's crazy!
Marco: I call this the Latinator. Debbie: Ugh. Yeah, nice backne.
Quinn: Why do you think they call me Doctor Quinn? Stormy: I just thought that was a nickname. You know, like Dr. Dre. Eastside!
"Geez! Nice pod design, Frank Lloyd Wrong."
"The what?"
"God, you're crushing my spine!"
"Holy crap! Did you see that freaking chopper explode?"
"And there go my nipples again!"
"I mean, it's like a koala bear crapped a rainbow in my brain!"
"This is Chopper Dave's made for TV movie, Blades Of Vengeance. See, he's a chopper pilot by day, but by night he fights crime as a werewolf... YEAH!"
"I dub thee, Sir Phobos, Knight of Mars, Beater of Ass. Be a hitter babe."
"Your quest is to find Quinn's ass...and then beat it."
"Not now Monster Hesh, I'm on the phone!"
"'Vengeance is Mine', quoth Alvis. And then he shot the guy, right in the freaking face!"
"Look, shamans wouldn't ride buffalo a jillion miles to see that piece of crap comet!"
[talking in a cockney Michael Caine accent] "Goodnight, you princes of Sealab. You kings o' the ocean. People're always asking me: What's it all about, Alfie?"
"Flashlights, there can be only none!"
"It's not a toy, it makes real cupcakes with a 40-watt bulb. And it has icing packets... but the secret ingredient is love... damnit."
"Way to go Sparks, you broke the monitor and you're dead. Happy?"
"He killed for your sins."
"Clean out your ears, woman... I said I want some BALLS!"
"How do you like them apples, ho-bag? And how do you like those very same apples, Eggars!?"
"Pod 6 was jerks!"
"Punch it, ho-bag!"
"Fignuts!"
"Nice try doppleganger. Save it for queen Dopplepopolis"
"You want the mustache on, or off?" [Debbie] : "Off please." "Too bad."
"It don't mean butt if it ain't got that jutt."
"Yeah, yeah, I know. I don't like greyhounds - too pointy."
"I hate the Bizarros".
"Everybody shut up! Now, where'd you get those cool hats?"
"I hate them all... except Turtleface."
"I hate the Groovies".
"I warned her."
"I warned him."
"Not me! I'm gonna be an Adrienne Barbeau-bot".
"Quinn, if you don't want me to eat you..... say something." (Quinn has died of a heart attack) Okay.
"Pudding can't fill the emptiness inside me! But it'll help."
"That, my sick little non-friend, is the cold stale breath of the reaper, blowing down your neck."
"Well, cram a penny in there!"
"Nails are like candy to robots, and we'll eat tires instead of licorice."
"I will slaughter them like a wolf among lambs! The seas will run red with the blood of my enemies!"
"You toof-stealing bastard!"
"Oh why don't you just shout down every idea I have? How about you call Bruce Springsteen and tell him to get another nickname since you're already the Boss! Huh? Yeah? Yeah!"
"Your entire ass, just packed full of red hot coals?"
"Well, put some ass-bags on 'em, like in a parade!"
"He's probably teeming with plague juice."
"You laid your brood of eggs in my navel? We're going to be mommies!"
"Ah, yep, Mango Reinhart, the thinking man's pop!"
"As the history hitherto of class struggles and modern bourgeois society! Class antagonisms! Feudal something of opression! Serfdom! Bourgeoisie! Tottering feudal society! And victory for the proletariat!... That's you!"
"They say my methods are unsound... do you think my methods are unsound?"
"This one's called squishface and we're outta here!"
"Look, I'm just gonna lay my cards on the table, and maybe you'll think it sounds crazy... and who knows? Maybe I am crazy. But if this is crazy, babe, I don't wanna be sane! I'm in love with you, Wendy! [Zoom out to reveal he is talking to a bucket on a mop]
"Does Cody glow by himself?"
"I am the opiate of the masses!"
"I'll bet your lymph nodes are as big as cats!"
"That is exact change Jerkface!"
"Bebop Cola... Good!"
"It's not a hootenany, it's an extravaganza!"
"You just bought yourself a ticket to pretzel town, buddy!"
"Hollow Graham [Murphy's pronunciation of hologram] ... Where are my car keys?"
"You're kidding, that guy's a robot monkey?"
[Quinn] "They [the Gloops] could have infectious diseases." "I'm about to infect you with the back of my hand." [Quinn, trying to interject] "But..." "Back of the hand!"
"Good lord, are we under attack!?" [after finally noticing an emergency alarm while making casual conversation]
"We need to rehabilitate Phil... In the face!"
"Quinn, you're gonna get it! I'm gonna rehabilitate your ass up and down this f--"
"Whoah! I'd be totally hacked if Stimutacs weren't so..." [Marco, doing situps while gripping the ceiling with his toes] "Outrageously chill?" "Word! Hey Stormy! Float your ass over here and magic me up another wrench!"
"I hate Pod Six. I don't even know why we have a Pod Six. Total suck pod."
"So we're outta here...sniff you jerks later!"
"Yea, go on and harvest yourself some more JERK-plants to live in the JERK-town that you're the JERK-mayor of!"
"I'm Eggars the jerk! I like to eat worms and dance around! Look at me, eating worms and dancing around, with worms coming out of my mouth!"
"I have the energy of a bear that has the energy of two bears!"
"Keep him away from the trailer. The network must never find out."
"The fly honeys like it!
"I don't see any method at all sir."
"Henchman walkin'!"
[singing to the tune of "Jingle Bells" while chopping up dolphins] "Dolphin meat, dolphin meat, nature's greatest treat. Oh what fun it is to eat that damn damn dolphin meat. Yeah!"
"Hey, can I have two robot penises?"
"I bet I could kill a guy with my toes."
"I don't need to read to be captain."
"Whale Cancer, 'Eff yeah!!!"
"Okay, gringo. Come and get a shot of vitamin M!"
"That tears it! How many times must I hear the word womb today?!??"
"Hey! Don't cuss in front of my pipe!"
"Selling pot... holders... made from hemp."
"Selling pot... that's it, just selling pot."
"I wonder if it's legal to sell this stuff to kids."
"All I wanted was to make the world a better place...and make an assload of money."
"Whup, dart in yer neck!"
"Whup, dart in your ass!"
"Sparkamus Prime demands a hydraulic penis!"
"There will be a day of reckoning for you, non-believer! A totaling of sums! A snapping of necks! And you will count yourself amongst the damned!"
"Quit being a bitch and pill me up"
"Why did I have to open my mouth?"
[Two Dr. Quinns] "Oh oh my my god god"
"My guy's an egg? How's that gonna blow my - OH SWEET GOD!"
"What I did was I took nature's most perfect killing machine and needlessly turned it into a robot."
"Shut your drunk ass up!"
"Could you all not argue over the PA?"
"And now we have to get tourists to come down here, to pay back the money you spent on a commercial, to get tourists to come down here, to pay back the money we didn't even owe, before you made this stupid commercial!"
"Robot bodies for everyone!"
"Look, affirmative action or not, you've gotta respect the chain of command!"
[Under Kommisar Murphy's communist regime] I had everything: Vodka...bread...Vodka-soaked bread..."
"What? Are you two years old? Hasn't history proven that Marx's vision of an egalitarian utopia is unattainable, inevitably creating an oligarchy more oppressive to the proletariat than the bourgeoisie it vilifies?"
"Bonus pretzel!"
"My eye! What did you do to my eye?!"
"My other eye! What did you do to my other eye?!"
"These are brand new eyes!"
[After Shanks battles the Kraken offscreen] "Anybody who didn't see that, oughtta just go kill themselves, right now!"
"I've got five PhDs, and I'm mopping. You don't hear me complaining."
"Light! Light! A thousand points of delicious light sparkling like diamonds in my brain! Ooh man. Are you digging this air? This air rules!"
"I will not stand here and listen this this foul mouthed innuendo."
"Yeah, you just keep on being a little bitch."
"Well here's a fact for you, I'm sick and tired of my character being this sex-crazed uber-slut!"
"They're jigglin' for ya, baby!"
"Show them how serious we are."
"You're a bastard."
"Attention, attention. This is your captain. All male personnel report to the proto-feminist sensitivity seminar. That is all.
"I said it's dodgeball time, bitch."
"I guess it's not so much a time machine, as it is a dodgeball cannon."
"Smoked that bitch!"
"I am not Stormy, I am He who smokes Bitches!"
"Look at me! I'm like an otter. A sexy little otter."
"Look at me, I'm like a beaver! A hot little beaver!"
"Sweet crackers!"
"You told me you were saving yourself for marriage."
"Should my physical self feel created from untold millions of minute bubbles?"
"Hold it! If we light ourselves on fire, we can go anywhere!"
"You mean...there's a black Stormy?"
"Just make sure you fat little finks have your story straight!"
"I want an Indian name too!"
"Shut up, get in there! Shut up."
"Thanks, it's a Douche."
"I gotta have that dick!"
"You swear you didn't know? Oh MAN, crushed gonads were TOTALLY worth it!"
"I hurt real bad... where I pee"
"Something's real wrong... in my pants."
"You'd take a eunuch like me?"
"Take that subspace!"
"I'm a skeleton!"
"Don't go out there, that black chick's crazy!"
"Why don't you ask chubby Carol?"
"Of course you're on her side! You're doing her!
"It is imperative that we be given preference over these mendicants, Marduk commands it."
"God speed dude."
"Can you feel it when I do this? No. Can you feel it when I do this?"
"Yearn not for earthly goods and pleasures. Cast off this taint, and become taintless."
"Captain, it is not the spoon you wish to bend, but rather the will of the spoon."
"Fahrvergnugen."
"So, if you need anyone to talk to ... or anyone to dry hump. I'm here for you."
"Hey Quinn, get more drinks!"
"You didn't even parley!"
"Fourth and fifth mixed!"
"We just call him fatty or blobbo."
"That stupid alphabet."
"COLESLAW DAMN IT!"
"Mardok desires not the barren wastelands of your dessicated viscera"
"Check out this bitchin' homemade tesla coil!"
"I must ingest more of the ovoid capsules."
"Sparks, I have total cognizance of every synapse in my cerebral cortex."
[Stormy is leaping up and down on a soda machine that is crushing Murphy] "Gimmie my change!"
"Yeearrrg... It burns with the power of shark"
"Hesh wants some sex."
"Hesh wants married sex!"
"I'm gettin ripped wide open c-section BABY!"
"He was probably looking for his balls"
"Look... the black one's the leader!"
Hesh: "Hesh will bite ANYTHING! He'll bite that, he'll bite this!" [Hesh holds up a large wire.] Marco: "Don't bite the main circuit, Hesh." [Hesh does so and is electrocuted.] Hesh: "Oh my God! It hurts bad!"
"Danger! Danger! Not safe inside, Hesh fears for life!"
"Hesh drank too much at the bachelor party last night..."
"Uh oh. Equipment failure. Hesh beat box fill."
"Smack the crap out of it!"
"Shut up."
"Golf blows"
"Hesh wants to go the 19th hole. Hesh wants jalapeno poppers."
"HESH WANTS POPPERS."
"Maybe Hesh can do a little somethin somethin on the MIZZIKE!"
"Oh God, Lemon Juice! It burns with the power of Lemons!"
"Hesh fear for life!"
'[holds two dolls, one a bear, the other a giraffe] Giraffe: "Nooo, we mustn't! It is forbidden!" Hesh: "Go on! Hump her! Make a bear-affe... or a giraffabear."
"Hey hey hey, Where did you get those kick-ass pipes?!"
""OH, DAYUM! NO HE DIDN'T! I know my man ain't gonna just climb up all on top of shorty's grill and put down a flag that says "BAP 5, Biziatch!""
"I just got one thing to say: if you don't like me... fine! Go watch 'annie-may'."
Sparks: "Aren't you a little old to be having kids?" Shanks: "Yeah... which reminds me of a funny plot twist!"
"You may be wondering why I've called you here today... well, it's not to show you my diorama of George C. Scott as Patton!"
"Now are you in, or do I have miniature John Wilkes Booth shoot you in the face about a billion more times?"
"Go empty your catheter bag."
"Oh yeah, I got a cool catch phrase... I've just never had the chance to use it... it goes 'Damn, thats cold ya'll'"
Mexican guy: NO, NO COME! NO, NO COME! Shanks (holding a worm): "No, no señor, don't do it." (eats it)
" Crawl outta my butt, Hitler!"
Shanks, dressed as a nun with boxing gloves, punching Marco "You see that? That's Jesus kissin' you!"
"Lady, we don't need therapy, we need push-ups! Cause when your pecs are tight, grief can't get inside ya!" Punches Joy in the boob with boxing nun puppet "See now, that's too mushy! You got them ol' Phish groupie boobs!"
"Hey Fatty, how 'bout another piece of cake? Oh, don't mind if I do! No cake for Fatty! No cake for Fatty!"
"934 Texas."
"I'm givin' ya a minute to cuss."
"You ain't the only ones who can bribe people with corn!"
"As specified by standards and practices, I am enjoying this hookah in a drug-free way."
"Oh, I swear this show gets worse every day! My character's a kindergarden teacher! What's she need a gun for?"
"The strongest power on earth is the love of a woman for a child" [Dolphin Boy chatters] "Listen fatty, I told you once: you can either hold it, or you can just PEE in that wetsuit!"
"I want the blood to dribble down my chin as I sink my pearly incisors into the well-marbled flesh!"
"Aaaah, you have spit some sort of corrosive substance into my eyes. You are a perfect killing machine, and I, for one, am honored to be among [is eaten by the Predator]."
[talking to Quinn while watching Archy suffering to an unknown illness] [Dr. Verjay]"My guess is it's similar to mad cow disease only much more icky" [Quinn] "Is it terminal?" [Archy's head explodes] [Dr. Verjay] "....It would appear so."
"For the last time, I'm not that type of Indian!"
"How do these apples appeal to you!"
"Oh my various gods!"
Bizarro Murphy: "Greetings, cretins! Give us the Destructo Beam or suffer the Bizarro consequences!"
Murphy: "I hate them all except Turtleface." Bizarro Quinn: "Bizarro, I love you. Bizarro, I love you."
Murphy: "Does anyone have a peanut for turtleface?" Bizarro Murphy: "Don't! He's allergic!" Bizarro Quinn: "They'll kill me."
Bizarro Stormy: "I am...Bizarro Stormy!" Stormy: "I'm regular Stormy." Bizarro Debbie: "Shut up idiots!" Bizarro Stormy: "Don't you mean, Bizarro shut up?
Bizarro Murphy: "Silence! I will now ply your minds with...BIZARRO VISION! Behold! And be helpless against...it" Murphy: "Look Turtleface. Star Wars!!"
Murphy: "I hate the Bizarros!" Bizarro Murphy: "Dont you mean you hate the Bizarrooooos?!"
Bizarro Murphy: "Give us the Destructo Beam!" Sparks: "Don't you mean the Bizarro Beam?!" Bizarro Murphy: "...Bizarro!"
Groovy Murphy: "Greetings, dudes! Give us the Patchouli beam or suffer the GROOVY consequences!" Murphy: "I hate the Groovies."
Shanks: Quinn, don't you dare walk out that door! Quinn: That's what Yo Mama said! Shanks: Heh, good comeback!
[Quinn walks back into the room with a tape recorder. He plays it.] Aggie Shanks: Quinn, don't you dare walk out that door! Shanks: Aw, that could be anybody!
Debbie: We don't need three captains! Murphy: Roger that! Sparks: We don't need one. Murphy: Roger... Hey!
Stormy: Since when are you pipe history maven? Sparks: Since I took the pipe storage tour, and rented the headphones...ASS! Hesh: How was that? Sparks: Frickin' awesome. Hesh: FRICKIN' AWESOME!!! (pause) Y'know it was gonna be.
[Marco and Debbie are outside Quinn's bedroom with food.] Marco: Anyway, we probably can just leave these by the door, Quinn's gonna be busy with that hooker for a while. Debbie: WHAT? A HOOKER?!?!
[Phone rings, Music stops when Russian General picks up phone] Russian General: Pi-voh. (Meaning "beer" in Russian)
[Music continues, Monkey in Satellite receives "Pi-voh", pushes War button and arms Nuke.] Aliens: Trib-Oh, Trib-oh, Trib-oh. Guy getting probed: Uh-oh.
[Alien turns on view screen with Debbie] Debbie: I CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S WITH A HOOKER!
[Marco and Debbie are laughing because Marco meant Quinn was watching "TJ Hooker"] Marco: With a prostitute. Debbie: WHAT?!
[Uh-Oh Episode Music starts again] Janitor: Uh-oh. Guy on telephone: Uh-oh. Other guy on telephone: Uh-oh.
[Chopper Dave's copter is shown, but no response.] Chopper Pilot: Chopper Dave, we have uh-oh, this is not a drill, over.
[Again, we see his copter, but no response.] Chopper Pilot: Chopper Dave, come in, over.
[Same result.] Chopper Pilot: Chopper Dave, Chopper Dave, Chopper Dave.
[Phone rings, Music stops when Russian General picks up phone.] Russian General: Da? (Yes) Da. Da. Nyet. (No) DA. [knowing laugh] Da? *Bear gets in his face* Pi-voh. (Bear attacks him)
[Monkey in satellite has several items flying around in capsule: Monkey Porn, Smirnoff, Stimutacs.] Monkey:: (laughing)
[He is injected by something and classical music starts playing, as he's given a cigarette. Uh-oh music resumes as he presses 'War' button. The missile arms as before.] Aliens: Trib-oh, Trib-oh. Guy getting probed: No, leave it in. Leave it in there...leave it in my butt.
[Alien turns on view screen with Debbie] Debbie: QUINN!!! OPEN THIS...FREAKIN'...D - OPEN THIS DOOR RIGHT THIS FREAKING SECOND!!!
(mock commercial) Boy #1: You got any OJ? Boy #2: Orange Juice? What are you, a gay? Boy #1: Well now, that's just insensitive! Boy #2: Take your balls out of your purse, and step up to flavor! With Whale Cancer!
Murphy: "Nails are like candy to robots. And we'll eat tires instead of licorice." Debbie: "Gawd! No we won't" Murphy: "Maybe you won't!"
"Would you eat a rectal thermometer? Well I would. Ahhhh ... mercury. Sweetest of the transition metals" --a talking psychedelic whale.
Orphan: "Ka-ching! Their entire fortune's now hidden in my numbered swiss account! Just like the nazis!" Other Orphan: "Ich bin impressed!"
Debbie: Quinn, wait! Quinn: What? Debbie: You forget how to salute, soldier? Marco: Damn! No she didn't!
Stormy: Making you Captain is almost as dumb as making a chick Captain! Debbie: Stormy, not another word out of you. Period. [Pause] Stormy: ...Speaking of period... [Cut to Stormy shackled, in a dungeon] Stormy: It was TOTALLY worth it.
Quinn: "Why do you think they call me Dr. Quinn?" Stormy*flashing west side hand sign*: "I thought it was a nickname, you know, like Dr. Dre. Eastsiiide!" [Long pause] Sparks: "God you're stupid."
Debbie: Are you the dying kid? Griff: I, uh... I, um... Debbie: You stutter too? Could you have worse luck? Oh well, at least you wont have to deal with it in high school.
[Stormy is hanging in a dungeon] Marco: So, you, uh, need anything? Stormy: Um... no. Can't think of anything. [coughs violently] Oh, maybe some tuberculosis medicine.
Family Services Lady: Hi, Family Services... Murphy: Lady, unless you got a Baby Alvis jammed up your skirt, tell your story walking!
Quinn: How the hell did Sparks get promoted? [cut to Debbie and Sparks] Debbie: A wheelchair? Sparks: Uh, what do you call a chair with wheels? Debbie: You're just lazy! Not disabled! Sparks: My legs are limp and dead.
Sparks: [voice shakes] I'm telling you Deb, no sensation whatsoever. Debbie: [camera pulls back to reveal his legs full of sharp objects and Debbie holding a battle axe] Really. Then you're sure you won't mind another one? Sparks: Oh, hey... [begins to shake] Knock yourself out.
Quinn: Feng shui? That's not in the budget! How are we paying for all this? Sparks: Selling pot... holders... made of hemp.
Murphy: Hey, give the five PhDs business a rest, will you? Nobody likes hubris. Quinn: Excuse me? Murphy: Have you learned nothing from Icarus? Antigone? Pantheus? Huh.
Murphy: [after waking up from being knocked unconcious by Marco] Hey, who hit me? Marco: Uhhh...Beard-Guy! [who is still unconcious on the floor from Murphy's sucker-punch] Murphy: Oh yeah... [begins to repeatedly punch unconcious Beard-Guy] How do you like me now, chinstrap?
[flash back to present] Quinn: Well, I've got my reasons.
Frenchman: Oh Poop!
Master Loo: You got a pen? Here's his social.
Quinn: Damage report! Stormy: I'm fine!
Dancing Bear: What do you mean I'm broke?!? I've got six million dollars in the bank! Accountant: Yeah, about that... you remember how you bought the Six Million Dollar Man? Dancing Bear: HELL YEAH! [pause] Ohhhh... And then he ran away. Nobody's catching him.
Stormy: Hey, what happened to your Southern Accent? Shanks: Eh, I dropped it. People kept thinking I was gay. Lance: [Camp] Hey, baby! We missed you at the club last night. Shanks: I'm not gay, Lance! Lance: [Pirate Accent] Arrr, so we all be droppin' our accent now?
Dick: Can anyone get their head to swivel to the rear? (no) Then how are you suppose to lick your back!?
Dick: I think we've underestimated the life on this planet. The people have so much courage. Here they are hurling through space on a molten rock at 67000 miles an hour and the only thing that keeps them from flying out of their shoes is their misplaced faith in gravity.
Dick: Sally, I want you to observe her, find out what women on this planet do. Sally: Why can't Harry do it? Dick: Because you're the woman. Sally: That brings up a very good question: why am I the woman? Dick: Because you lost.
Dick: I want very much to feel, and to be felt. And I mean that from the heart of my bottom.
Harry: Women. You can't live with 'em, and yet they're everywhere.
Dick: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. (flips to the back of the book) I'm not going to read 380 pages if he can't even make up his mind in the first sentence!
Tommy: Sally, you're amazing. As sick as you are, you keep taking care of us. Sally: Yeah, I know. I don't understand. All I want to do is curl up into a ball, and yet somehow I feel compelled to nurture you. God, what a cruel disease!
Minister: We are gathered here, before God.... Dick: Now, which one of those guys is God? Mary: Will you be quiet? Dick: Okay, but be sure to introduce me later, because I want some answers.
Dick: Mary, there's something I have to tell you. I come from another world. Mary: And this is news?
Dick: You know, you have to admire these humans. Their lives are so fragile, and yet they are willing to commit to each other for a lifetime. Sally: Or an afternoon with some petri dish in a miniskirt. Tommy: Hey, hey! At least I'm getting some here, alright?
Dick: [reading the Bible] Man, these people begat their brains out!
Dick: Dr. Albright, have I been a perfect ass? Mary: Aw, nobody's perfect.
Sally: You just can't imagine what it feels like, Dick. It's like he reached in... and pulled all the bones out of my body... [starts crying] Dick: My God, what are you doing? Sally: [wipes her tears] Apparently I'm leaking! Dick: Well, stop!
Tommy: [pointing to the stars] I've been there and there and there and there... Harry: Wow. The long, boring stories you must have.
Dick: We suck, we blow -- a posse of oral fixators. Let them try and ban smoking, for if they do!.. They'll just have a bunch of SMOKING OUTLAWS on their hands!
Harry: By the second day I could hear my inner voice, too. Tommy: What was it saying? Harry: I have no idea, I don't speak French.
[Sally walks into the men's locker room] Man: Hey, it says "men" on the door! Sally: And you made the cut?
Dick: [to Jeff] You think you're pretty clever, don't you? I happen to know that every word in your book was published years ago! Perhaps you've read...the dictionary!
[Tommy and August meet for the first time] August: I'm August. Don't call me "Augy". Tommy: I'm Tommy. Don't call me "Augy" either...
Dick: I'm sure you can defeat a simple door lock. [Tommy breaks through the window with his hand and unlocks the door] Dick: What are you doing?! Now this is breaking and entering! It's illegal! Tommy: What'd you expect me to do? Beam you in?
Harry: (holding the remote) This is the second most exciting thing I have ever held in my hand.
Sally: How would you like your eyes in the bottom of a martini glass, 'cause I can do it? Dr. Hamlin: [sounding delighted] Oh, the Amazon is going to manhandle me!
Harry: Oh, Dick, we've got cable! Seventy-two channels! And unlike primitive free television this one you get to pay for.
Sally: I'll give you your promotion if you don't say the word "really" in the next sixty seconds. Harry: Really? Sally You lose!
[opera plays on the car radio] Harry: Dick, remember how I said I wanted to learn to sing? I've changed my mind.
Nina: I knew you had a thing for her. Dick: Yes, but I understand I'm not allowed to show it to her without her permission.
Tommy: Commander, permission to speak freely. Dick: Granted. Tommy: As the oldest member of this crew, I feel it's my duty to inform you all that this planet both wipes and sucks. In that order.
Mrs. Dubcek: Poor kid. I remember what it's like to be your age. Tommy: I remember what it's like to be yours.
[Harry is looking for a job offer in the newspaper] Harry: Here's a job I could do; "Police seek third gunman." Well, tomorrow I'm gonna march over to the police station and tell them that I'm the man they're looking for!
Dick: [talking about art] What makes them strive to create this? Tommy: Naked women. Dick: These are not naked women, they're nudes. Nudity is the artist's passionate celebration of the human form. Tommy: [taking an art book] Well, party on!
[Harry explains how he's reorganized the movies at Gung-Ho Videos] Harry: [refers to one rack] Good movies. [refers to another rack] Bad movies. [refers to the rest of the room] Movies I haven't seen.
[Harry is working at a video store] Customer: Excuse me, where can I find Aliens? Harry: Nowhere! Not here, that's for sure. Nobody here but us humans. [in a nervous sing-song voice] La, la, la... la, la, la. [a beat] Stop looking at me!
Mary: They opened a Hard Rock Café in Vietnam. The world's changed, huh? Dick: It certainly has. Did you know it used to be entirely covered with ice?
[Reminiscing about the 60's] Mary: Did you ever drop acid? Dick: [misunderstanding] Oh, constantly. Mary: You did a lot of tripping? Dick: That's how I dropped the acid.
Harry: I want to make the world a better place. I want to give mankind the gift... of electricity. Tommy: They have electricity. Harry: Ah, then my work is done!
Dick: Everybody here sells his time for money. It's like taking a mortgage against your life.
Mr Randell: Well, uh, the truth is that, uh, I think Tommy could do a lot better. Dick: Be careful sir. You're talking about the creature I've come to think of as my son.
[about Tommy's teacher, Mr Randell] Sally: He's giving off this vibe? Can't you feel it? Dick: Yes I think I do. Does it feel like a stabbing pain in your left buttock? Sally: Uh, no. [Dick reaches under his chair] Dick: Then I appear to be sitting on a tack. [Holds up a tack]
Dick: What kind of a place is this where you can't wave handfuls of money around in the middle of the night?
Don: Okay Mr. Solomon. It's time to finger your perp. Dick: (points to Mary) Believe me I've tried but she just won't let me.
Dick: You've got a thing in your head. Harry: A thing? Dick: Cranial micro receiver chip. Harry: In my head. Dick: But it's not in the part you use; it's in your brain.
Dick: Tomorrow there will be a pop quiz on the effects of thermodynamics. Remember it's a pop quiz; if you study, I'll know!
Harry: What matters most is life itself. And the greatest thing about life is not having a purpose; it's about finding a purpose.
Sally: I've seen stuff that would make your eyes burst out of your sockets and splatter against the wall... in fact, I've seen that, too.
[Dick meets his replacement for the first time] Dick: You! You're gorgeous!
[Dick is locked in an invisible box and feels the walls] Dick: Oh my God! He's turned me into a mime!
[after learning that the "family" are returning to their home planet] Dick: I wish I had a machine that could freeze time... [Mary looks at him questioningly] Dick: Unfortunately, I left it in my other jacket.
Tommy: You work at the university. Evil Dick: [smugly] Ah, so I run the university. Tommy: Well, not so much run as teach a physics class. Evil Dick: I'm a teacher? Were all the janitor's jobs taken?
Evil Dick: You see, I am building the greatest incubator these puny humans have ever known. And when it is completed, I will spawn my own private army of - [The crew stares at him apprehensively] Evil Dick: Of... fuzzy Easter chicks.
Evil Dick: Watch the destruction my little device wreaks on the world you love so well. Dick: [outraged] What have you done to our toaster?
Dick: Oh, Mary! You have to get away from here! Mary: You want me to try to escape? Dick: Yes! Mary: [pretending to struggle] Oh, let me go, let me go! How's that?
[Dick wants to tell Mary that he's an alien, but the others forbid it] Sally: Well fine, but let it be on your own head! Tommy: Which will probably be sitting next to our heads on a tray somewhere in New Mexico!
Harry: [to people who haven't yet seen a movie] Attention, ticket holders! At the end of the movie, when the President turns out to be an alien and he barbecues all the Congressmen, don't believe it because aliens hate barbecue!
Harry: I say we hold an alien pride parade!
Tommy: You're gonna be like some sort of alien Martin Luther King? Harry: Exactly. Because I, too, have a dream. And in that dream I'm naked on a ferris wheel.
Sally: The worst part is I'm still a virgin! Mary: Oh my God, you're a virgin? Sally: Yes, it's horrible! Mary: No, it's perfectly all right for you to save yourself for the right man. Sally: Like you did for Dick? Mary: [a shocked look on her face, after a long pause] Yes.
Tommy: People change for their lovers all the time. For example, I stopped wearing Old Spice and August stopped telling me to stop wearing Old Spice.
Tommy: Harry, I need a ride. Harry: Nope. Tommy: You know, I outrank you. Harry: In that case... no, sir!
Dick: What's the point of having a democracy, if everybody's going to vote wrong?
Gansmiller: [about Harry] Damn! No past, no experience, no record... the perfect candidate.
Dick: Badgers don't suck! They bite!
Dick: Ah, yes, the "big game." God forbid your intellectual development should get in the way of the "big game." The fate of humanity rests on the outcome of the "big game." Bug: Is he being sarcastic?
Tommy: I've got to be in a regular school; one with metal detectors and pregnant cheerleaders.
[Mrs. Dubcek wants the aliens to babysit her grandson] Mrs. Dubcek: He's had his nap and he's just been changed. Sally: What was he before?
Mrs. Dubcek: He's got teeth coming in. Harry: Well, don't worry; we'll sign for them.
Dick: [explaining Thanksgiving] It's a national holiday. Tommy: What, like Big Giant Head Day? Dick: Similar...except that no one gets thrown into the sun.
[Tommy picks up two pool balls, holds them in the air and then drops them so they land back on the table] Tommy: Excuse me, this game's not three-dimensional, is it?
Harry: I lost more than a coat, Tommy. I lost a friend - a buddy - a companion who kept me warm when it was cold and warmer when it was kind of too hot to be wearing a coat.
Dick: Who needs Christmas anyway? I say bug humbar.
Nina: You know, this is the only time of year I like White music.
Harry: Thank you for seeing me, Father. I didn't know where else to turn. Priest: Well, that's why they pay me the big bucks.
Mary: Have a little compassion, Sally. We're healthy; we have to help him. Sally: I say he's lame. Shoot him.
Michael: You see, I would like to stay very much, but your government isn't so nice. Sally: Except for Abraham Lincoln, right?
Sally: It's what women are supposed to do; get married, have babies, hire total strangers to raise them and then wonder where they went wrong.
Sally: You could never handle my job. Harry: I could do it with my eyes closed! Tommy: You do everything with your eyes closed.
Tommy: [about August] I don't understand her. Sally: What's to understand? Kill her and get a new one. Harry: Oh, no, you can't do that. You've got to get a new one and then you kill her.
Sally: The Official Boy Scouts' Guidebook. Who're the Boy Scouts? Harry: They're an elite, prepubescent, paramilitary society and I'm going to follow their ways. Sally: But Harry, you're neither elite nor prepubescent. Harry: All in good time, Sally... all in good time.
Harry: [while playing Monopoly] Go to jail. Go directly to jail. Do not pass go, do not collect $200 and do not, I repeat do not drop the soap.
Dick: I'm tired of feeling like a Catholic schoolboy always getting his knuckles rapped by the nun he's dating.
[Judith and Mary during Physics party] Judith: Men, can't live with them, [Long Pause] good night Mary. [She leaves]
Dick: What's going on? Nina: Oh, she's having a big affair. Dick: What? You tramp! Mary: Dick, it's a catered affair. Dick: You're cheating on me and your diet?
Sally: So you're saying that when a 300-pound soprano and a 250-pound tenor dress in funny costumes and take 15 minutes to die, that's art. But when the Gravedigger takes on the Caped Canadian, that's trash? I'm sorry, I don't get it.
Dick: I don't mean to panic anyone, but I'm afraid the calamari has been infested with baby squid.
Dick: Where would we be without the agitators of the world to attach the electrodes of knowledge to the nipples of ignorance?
Judith: We will now deliberate and return with a guilty verdict.
Dick: Harry, did I get any phone calls? Harry: Oh, yes, it rang repeatedly. Dick: And... who called? Harry: Well, I don't know, Dick, I'm not clairvoyant.
Mary: Does this mean you've come to your senses and you're going to apologize to Nina? Dick: No, I will never come to my senses!
Tommy: Sally, they want you to appear on Good Afternoon, Rutherford. Harry: That's my second-favorite show! Dick: What's your first-favorite? Harry: Good Morning, Rutherford.
Dick: Can we take more than one? Nina: Take as much as you want! Nobody's going to be at this thing. Mary: Don't be so insensitive. Nina: [to Dick] Yeah, shame on you!
Sally: Don, what happens to people? Are they born mad or do one day their minds just snap? Officer Don: If only we knew, Sally. One minute little Johnny Normal is on his paper route and the next there's a pile of dead bank guards and Johnny is using Grandma as a human shield.
[Dick and Sally are doped out on antidepressants] Sally: I like TV. Dick: Me too. Let's say we turn it on. [he turns it on] Sally: It's even better on.
[in his classroom] Dick: Thank you Leon. You've made it all so clear! I've got to learn to let go, to move forward and focus on the thing that is most important in my life....MEEE!
Dick: Women. Tommy: Women. Officer Don: Women. Harry: [high-pitched voice] Women! Dick: You can't live with 'em and you can't have heterosexual sex without 'em. Harry: That's probably true.
Dick: Women always act so adult, but just like that they'll sink all the way down to your level.
Dick: I want to make a good impression on Mary's parents. Sally: Mary Albright's parents? Tommy: They're still alive?: Sally: My God, they must be so old!
[Harry is dressed as an alien for Halloween] Mrs. Dubcek: Oh, Harry, you're an alien. Harry: NO, I'M NOT! [realizing his costume] I mean, yes, I am.
Dick: Why should I be concerned about gaining weight? My body is just the vehicle that carries my brain around - and my brain deserves a smooth, luxurious ride.
[Dick is putting on a corset to become thinner] Sally: What's that? Dick: It's called the 'Shatner.'
[Harry, with a camera, sneaks up behind August in school to get a photo of her] August (noticing Harry): Harry? Harry: I am not Harry. August: What are you doing here? And what's with the camera? Harry: What camera?
Dick: My pants fit! I won the war! Harry: That's great, Dick! So you lost weight? Dick: Even better - I bought bigger pants!
[Jury selection] Prosecuting lawyer: Do you believe everything you read in the newspaper? Dick: Yes! No! I don't know what I believe anymore! You tell me what to believe and I'll do it! Prosecuting lawyer: He's fine with me. Defense lawyer: Me, too.
Dick: I'm not finger-pointing... [points at Mary]...but it's YOUR fault! YOU!
Tommy: This ice cream is delicious. Harry: [looking at the box] Actually, it's 'sinfully delicious.' I would gladly go to Hell for a pint of this.
Mary: Most people dismiss non-literate cultures. Tommy: Well, we live in one.
Officer Don: Here, sign this. Eddie: What is it? Officer Don: Oh, it just absolves us of any wrongdoing in arresting you without reason and without any evidence. It's standard.
Dick: Eddie, you stole my car, but more importantly, you broke my heart. You wanna know what's worse? Eddie: What? Dick: That you stole my car.
Tommy: We don't have cell phones; we're from Ohio!
Harry: (to Tommy and Dick) Boys, we're going to San Francisco! Mascha: San Diego! Harry: San Diego!
Dick: Nina, here are the keys to my Rambler. Take it somewhere and have my tires rotated. Nina: That's not in my job description. Dick: What is in your job description? Nina: Typing. Dick: Okay, well, type it into your job description and have it done by lunch.
Mary: I think it's unfair that you demand Sally do whatever you want as if you were... king of the universe! Dick: Oh, please! We look nothing alike.
Sally: Don't listen to him, he's just a kid. Salesman: Oh, don't worry. I used to be a kid myself... a long time ago. [laughs] Say there, sport, you like girls? Tommy: Yeah. Sorry.
Dick: The library's closed on Saturday? Mary: Dick, this - is - not - a - good - school!
Nina: Where's Dr. Albright? Tommy: Well, we're not sure, but we think she's having sex with Dick in an unknown location. Nina: Oh my God, what is she thinking? Tommy: What's she thinking? What is he thinking? Nina: Okay, can we just agree they're both freaks? Tommy: Yeah!
George Albright: [entering Mary's office] Mary. Mary: Daddy! George Albright: Hey there, magpie. Mary: What a nice surprise. George Albright: Well, not really... I've left your mother. Mary: Again?
Eddie: Just a couple of rules: don't curse and don't spill nothing and if you spill something, don't curse.
Dick: How about a new strategy? What about "sad cop, slightly effeminate cop?"
Dick: And what makes that cop's gun so cool? PHYSICS! Kinetic energy generates the velocity with which the bullet exits the barrel, while the ballistics coefficient and sectional density determine the damage to its targets! Guns don't kill people, PHYSICS kills people!
Sally: It says here the average American uses 4.1 pounds of butter a year. Tommy: Orally?
Sally: I'm part of a community--a community that embraces wholesome, American values. And if you cross us... we will destroy you.
Mary: This is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth! Dick: Once again I come in second.
Dick: Dr. Neesam, I find you to be pompous, judgmental and completely self-absorbed. Would you be my friend? [pause] Liam: We'll see.
Liam: Your head is like a cookie. I just want to eat it.
Mary: So you're going to let this woman control your life? Dick: No, just the lunch part. [a beat] My favorite part.
Harry: [to Nina] Don't worry, Nina. I won't let anyone else hurt you. Dentist: Don't forget about your appointment on Friday, Nina. Harry: Until Friday.
Randy: I think you're Harry. Harry: Well, I think you're hairy!
[Don is telling a story] Officer Don: And then I said to the robber, "Not your pants, the gun!" [everyone laughs] Yeah... that didn't really happen.
[the Solomons have a repairman over] Dick: Sally, you seein' Don today? Sally: Seein' him? I'm losing my virginity to him! Repairman: You know, I can come back.
Harry: I'll never forget the time I lost my virginity to ol'... what's-her-name over at... the place. Magic.
Harry: Dubcek's threatening to make me work it off and I don't think she's talking about mowing the lawn.
"The Columbian": Oh, I got top dollar--I got better than top dollar. Dick: Well then, by default, wouldn't that become top dollar?
Mary: Hey Dick. What's with all the Rusty burgers? Dick: Ah, well I'm just uh, preparing box lunches for the homeless. Mary: Why are putting all of the food in the trash? Dick: It makes them more comfortable. Mary- you can be so insenitive!
Eric: I'm waiting to get into the K-9 unit. Sally: Aw, what's the hold up? Officer Don: Well, our- our dog ran away. But we're putting up fliers.
Dick: Oh, I miss those days with Mary. Breakfast in bed, lunch in the bed. Changing the sheets... 'cause there's food in the bed.
Dick: Harry, are you naked or am I seeing things? Harry: Actually it's a little of both.
Pitman: We all came into this world naked. Dick: Well, I didn't.
Sally: Hey, the mail's here. Dick: Ah, the mail. What would a day on Earth be like without the mail? Harry: Probably a lot like Sunday. Dick: You know. That's very clever, Harry. Tommy: Hey, wait. I said that. Harry: Oh really? How sad.
Mary: What did your father tell you about the family? Dick: Not a lot. He, uh... lost his mouth in the war.
[filling out tax forms] Dick: Line 14, "other gains or losses." Tommy: I gained two pounds. Sally: I lost my virginity.
Officer Don: Sally, I'm a cop. I've got keen instincts. And right now, my instincts are telling me that... I don't know what the hell is going on.
Tommy: It's like watching Entertainment Tonight in Carnegie-frickin'-Hall!
Dick: [while gagged, mumbling on the telephone to Judith] Mmmph! Judith: [sarcastically, alternating between Dick's mumblings] Oh, yeah. Oh, baby. I'm hot now. Do me. Do me all night. I know it's you, Dick. [hangs up] Dick: Damn!
Officer Don: The F.B.I. are coming into town tomorrow. Dick: What for? Officer Don: That's classified. Tommy: You have no idea, do you? [pause] Officer Don: That's also classified.
Nina: You think you're the smartest man on the planet, don't you? Dick: For the thousandth time, YES!
Vincent Strudwick: So... what'd you think of the book? Dick: As bathroom fare? A triumph!
Dick: Families don't refer to each other by rank. They use more familiar terms like "you" or "bastard" or... "you bastard."
Big Giant Head: The yelling will cease and the killing will commence!
[the aliens are looking for Vicki's hybrid alien baby in the nursery] Tommy: Which one is it? Dick: It must be him - it's hideous. Man: Hey, that's my daughter! Dick: I'm so sorry; she's hideous.
Mary: I am so hungover! Dick: Oh! Well, Mary, that's just nature's way of telling you what a tramp you are.
[the Solomons are angry at Dick because he crashed the car] Dick: Hey, be thankful I wasn't killed! Sally: Yeah, because then we'd have to hitch a ride to your funeral, BECAUSE YOU WRECKED OUR FREAKIN' CAR!
Officer Don You have to have insurance! Dick: Why? It's just a bet against myself! The only way I can win my money back is by getting horribly injured.
[Looking at himself and a picture of himself and Harrison Ford] Dick: Oh my god! I'm hideous!
Harry: Sally, I'm starving. What's for dinner? Sally: Oh, I made you some hamburgers--they're down at the hamburger place. All you have to do is go there, order them, and pay for them.
Dick: We can make little differences; we just can't make global differences. Harry: Can we blow up the Earth? Dick: You see, that's a global difference. Harry: It's so hard to keep track of all this.
Dick: Why do these people get to have their life stories in the paper? What makes them so special? Nina: Those are the obituaries. Dick: Well, I want one about me! Nina: Hopefully soon.
Larry: I've never noticed it before, but you look capable of violence. Dick: [picking up a chair] I'll show you who's capable of violence!
[Dick is fantasizing about Nina during his class's exam] Leon: [sees Dick kissing an imaginary person] Dr. Solomon, what are you doing? Dick: ...I said no talking, Leon. You fail!
[after Mary receives an exercise video as a present from Dick] Mary: Here's a little "gift-giving" tip: When you give someone a bouquet of flowers, that tells them "Our love goes on forever.",when you give somebody an exercise video that tells them "Your ass goes on forever!"
Mary: [referring to Dick] I wouldn't be caught dead going out with that scab. Dick: Well, couldn't you put a band-aid over it?
[Dick has entered the office wearing a tight-fitting construction worker's outfit and a tool belt] Dick: Whaddaya think, Nina? Ya like beefcake? Nina: Not from your funky bakery. [winks]
Vicki Dubcek: [about Harry's new girlfriend Janice] You don't like her as much as me, do you? Harry: Oh, no!... More.
Dick: Are you going to kill me? Big Giant Head: Of course not; you're my designated driver.
Vicki Dubcek: How dare you use your flesh to trick me! Harry: Well, that's what it's there for.
Dick: I don't know what to do. I don't know what to feel. Who am I? [after finding out his father was "the Big Head"] Harry: Well, let me see, your first name is Dick... your new last name is Head... I guess that would make.. Dick: Oh My God!
Strudwick: My daughter just ran off with your ragamuffin son! Dick: "Ragamuffin"?! Sally, throw him out; Harry, bring me a dictionary.
Tommy: [about a movie Harry has seen] How was it? I heard there was an awesome shower scene. Harry: Oh, yeah...but then this naked girl got in and you could barely see the shower.
Tourist: Excuse me, we've been driving around for hours. Do you know of any hotels that have rooms? Harry: I believe that all hotels have rooms.
Mary: [concerned] I think there's something wrong with Dick. [Nina and Judith stare blankly at her]
Therapist: I'm not a therapist. I'm The Rapist.
Early: Don't time fly when you're drunk as hell!
(Early awakens from a coma to the sound of a life support machine. He opens his eyes to see his son Rusty standing over him saying "Boop... boop... boop...") Rusty: Y'all hear that? That's what it'd sound like if we had insurance.
Early: (In a strip club) Yes darlin', your chest is full and heaving. But what about the heart that lays beneath them puppies? Look here (pulls out a religious tract)... I want you to read this here literature.
Early: Nope! Pick it up with your butt cheeks!
Head Elf: Dispatch the Silent Knights!
Elves: (disguised as carolers in a manger, singing) Fall on your knees... (They pull out ninja weapons) Elf: I said fall on your knees, you son-of-a-bitch!
Santa: What are you going to do to me? Early: You ever see the movie Saw II? Santa: Oh no, oh no, please, please... Early: No? Me, neither.
Early: I done tell you once, you son-of-a-bitch, I'm the best that's ever been! Santa: What? Rusty: Fire in the mountain, run boys run!
Dan Halen: Science, you cheap whore.
Dan Halen: Go behind the Dumpster and mate the tangy with the mild. Rusty: Well, how I go about doing that? Dan Halen: Tie Tangy up, have a black chicken fuck it in a fake rape scenario while Mild watches helpless because that's what gets him off.
Rusty: Hail Satan, my dark lord and master.
Rusty: Oh my God! It's Ridley Scott's "Alien"! Look at it! Oh my God! Oh my God! Early: No, son, it ain't Ridley Scott's "Alien". It's worse.
Early: (taking Lil's babies to the "movies") Alright. C'mon y'all. C'mon. Step right in to the movies. Yeah, see what Hollyweird has cooked up next. Getcha good seat now. You don't wanna miss them previews. Rusty: Daddy, this ain't the movies. Early: No movies. Lake boat.
Early: I have dubbed thee Herschel Walker Cuyler Them Dawgs is Hell Don't They!
Early: "I have re-evalutated the saturation, and I have convoluted that you ain't wild... You're mild."
Early: War, Famine, Death... and grasshoppers. Looks like one just dont quite belong does it?
Early: Mute yer wooo's boy.....there's a seven headed beast afoot."
Dan Halen: I have to say it was all worth it! Screw every last one of you!
Reverend: Who even cares? Life is merely a fantasy draped in confusion. The curtain is yanked back from the charade! Early: Would you grab my skull bong, from the reverend please?
Melissa: We caught up with Halen in his inground pool, inexplicably built in the middle of a giant lake, which is itself a giant aboveground pool.
Dan Halen: I should have put it together. The copious references to "Nature Boy" Ric Flair and former Black Crowes bassist Johnny Colt. Hell, Halen, they're written on waffle bar napkins. Where was my analytical mind?!
Early: Hell yeah. You stepped up. You handled your business!
Young, Dumb and Full of Gums Early: I like the way the tiny food bits mix with my spit, and get all soft so I can swallow em down my neck tube. Early: "Just get it half mashed. I can get the rest with my nuggets. Delecious."
"Booty Hunter"
"Here's the Beef"
"Breathe If You're Horny"
"World's Greatest Illegitimate Daddy"
"May I Help You, My Child?", a combination Pope/trucker hat
A deer on camouflage containing Early's résumé. The text appears as just lines, but Dan Halen reveals that Early can "skin a buck, run a trout-line, and all my rowdy friends are coming over tonight", which are references to Hank Williams Jr. songs.
"Goal Bandit"
"I Love Cock Fighting", with "Fighting" appearing much smaller than the other words
A squid drawn in the shape of the Pontiac Firebird logo
"Free Hat Limit 1"
"Prom King", shaped like a crown whose front forms the number "2005"
A bald eagle's head in front of a stylized US flag
Four fanned aces
"David Allan CEO Live In Macon"
"GLUG", the logo for the beverage created in the episode
Police slacks, including a belt
"Support Our Troops", with a yellow ribbon and US flag color scheme. The hat reads "Support Our oops" after Early is struck by lightning.
"I love you Daddy" next to a picture of Rusty, all a dot matrix printout heat transfer decal
A banana costume headpiece
"Sonny LIED!!!", in front of a Confederate flag
"Tricky Two" with a hand holding up two fingers
"John Beer", a play on the John Deere logo with a silhouette of a drunken anthropomorphic deer sprawled out among beer cans
"Swayze Crazy", with an image of Patrick Swayze flexing his right arm
A stuffed toy donkey hat. The donkey has suction-cup hooves (for sticking to a window) and extremely large genitalia (censored by image mosaic).
"God's Good Buddy" with a semi-truck bearing a cross on the side driving out of the heavens
"Remember 9-111", stamped with the word "irregular"
"DO It... ... TO It", with an image of Plumber Bubba (a parody of Larry the Cable Guy) between the two halves of the phrase
"Damn I'm Good!!"
"Gynaecologist Saturday Nights Only" (never actually seen, Early claims to own it)
"Hooked On Jesus", with the Ichthys on a fishing hook
"I'm Going Nuckin' Futz!!"
"Hooked on Darwin", with the word "Darwin" inside a legged Ichthys on a fishing hook
An "truth" Ichthys eating a "Darwin" Ichthys
A "science" beast eating a "faith" Ichthys
A "science" beast being arrow shot by a "faith" Ichthys
An Ichthys-shaped "China" spaceship abducting a "faith" man
Two wolves in a dark forest, one with a US flag behind it howling at a full moon.
A red flannel hunter's ushanka
"I support the flat tax `cause I'm FLAT BROKE!"
"Taste Daytona!"
"Bodywork by WANDA", with a small red flower
"SHOOT FIRST ASK QUESTION NEVER!", over a reticle targeting a skull & crossbones with sawed-off shotguns for crossbones.
"Too Cool for You!"
"Damn Bald Eagles, Ft. McPherson, GA", with an American Flag and bird droppings all over it.
"Lifeguard on Booty"
"ICE WIND IGNITE AND EXCITE", Dan Halen's body spray, over snow-capped mountains
"JESUS SHAVES", with a picture of Jesus shaving
"MY Other Hat is YO' MOMMA!", with the last two words over a sunburst
"Didn't ask. DON'T TELL!!"
"Been there, Done that, Got this HAT!"
A red trucker hat with black bill stacked beneath a leather football helmet and a top hat
"got breast milk?"
"NO HABLA JIBBER-JABBER!", on a US flag-styled hat
"NIFTY! NIFTY! look who's 53!"
"LINE DANCERS Do It!! IN A LINE!"
"Guns don't kill people. I DO!", with the "O" in "DO" as a target over a bloodstain
"BORN TO DIE!!!", with a skull & crossbones beneath
"When God takes a DUMP on your head, you just gotta craft it into a hat!", on a brown & white hat worn by Rusty
"This ain't no HAT. It's a rag top for a sex convertible!!"
"This hat contains minimum 85% post-consumer recycled hats.", on a recycled-looking hat
"LAUGH SO I CAN SEE 'EM BOUNCE!!", with the "OU" in "BOUNCE" fashioned into bikini-top-clad breasts
"too FUNK to DRUCK!!" with one beer bottle on each side of "to"
"Don't blame me, I didn't vote!!!"
"I Survived Yuri's Androp-Off", with picture of Early and Granny in middle
Cpl Gabe Garza: How's it feel, motherfucker? How's it feel to be fuckin' dead? Cpl Jason Lilley: Bro, it feels sad. I feel very alone. And also, I gotta take a shit.
Cpl Josh Ray Person: You know, it doesn't make you gay if you think Rudy's hot. We all think he's hot.
Cpl Anthony 'Maninmal' Jacks: Did you know that wetback pussy is actually warmer than a normal, average white pussy?
Sgt Larry Shawn "Pappy" Patrick: Well, we all got jobs to do. Sgt. Maj. Sixta's job is to be an asshole... and he excels at the position.
Cpl Josh Ray Person: There's layers of retardation that most people don't even know about. You should quote me on that!
Sgt Brad "Iceman" Colbert: Wake up, Trombley. You're missing the invasion.
HM2 Robert Timothy Bryan: Where did we get that so-called translator? 1stLt Nathaniel Fick: He told me he worked for General Mattis. Wright: He told me he worked for the CIA. Sgt Brad 'Iceman' Colbert: Back at Mathilda, he said he could hook me up with free satellite TV.
Sgt Brad "Iceman" Colbert: Look at this, gents. Little more than 48 hours into the war and First Marine Division, out of Camp Pendleton, Oceanside, California, is rolling with impunity on Saddam's highway.
Sgt Brad "Iceman" Colbert: That song is straight homosexual, country music, special Olympic gay.
Sgt Brad "Iceman" Colbert: We're Marines. We obey our orders. Our mission now is not to do our original mission. Cpl Gabe Garza: Semper Gumby, always flexible.
Cpt Dave "Cpt. America" McGraw: Corporal, stow this next to my seat. Better be prepared, never know when you might need an AK.
GySgt Mike "Gunny" Wynn: Garza, how your legs, they all right, standing on that turret all day. Cpl Gabe Garza: Good, Gunny. I'm Mexican, too hard to feel nothin' from that. I got retard strength.
HM2 Robert Timothy "Doc" Bryan: This lunatic doesn't even know he's in Iraq. Thinks he's a super hero, some Japanese comic. Sgt Rodolfo "Rudy" Reyes: Hey, I put on my super hero uniform every day I'm in the Corps, brother. Oorah? It's how we find our true Dharma.
Cpl Josh Ray Person: I see foot mobiles. 12 o'clock, a hundred meters. Damn. Brad, they're fuckin' hotties! I didn't know hajis could be hotties! I thought that they were all camel-faced hags! Hey, Assalamu Alaikum, ladies!
Sgt Brad "Iceman" Colbert: Fucking officers will be the death of us yet.
Sgt. Brad "Iceman" Colbert: Sir, the main weapon on your point vehicle is unreliable. Given the prevailing climatic conditions, using this lubricant is like trying to buttfuck a virgin, underage Phuket whore with chalk when is clearly called for, Sir.
Lt. Nathaniel "Nate" Fick: You want logistics? Join the Army. Marines make do.
Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley: Yo, lets shoot some of these dogs. Sgt. Brad "Iceman" Colbert: Trombley, I keep telling you, we don't shoot dogs, we shoot people. And we generally only shoot people if we have to.
Cpl. Josh Ray Person: Yeah, looks like Saddam's big bad Republican Guard hajjis got wind I was coming. As the great warrior-poet Ice Cube once said, "If the day does not require an AK, it is good".
Sergeant Brad 'Iceman' Colbert: Gentlemen, we just seized an airfield. [grins] That was pretty fucking ninja.
Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley: Look, I didn't mean to shoot innocent camels, alright? I'm sure I shot people.
Cpl. Josh Ray Person: That's 'cause he's a psycho. But at least he's our psycho.
Cpl. Josh Ray Person: Damn, sucker. I just got some. Look at me, Brad, I'm a man now, just like you. Except, I don't look like a faggot and talk all educated.
Sgt. Antonio "Poke" Espera: Captain America's gone, dog. You see that look in his eyes? Like he's afraid if he takes a shit hajis gonna come crawling out of his ass.
Cpl. Walt Hasser: Hey, where's Brad? Cpl. Josh Ray Person: Jesus fucking Christ, Walt. Are you serious? My first combat jack! Cpl. Walt Hasser: Fuck your jack, we're being overrun by armor! Cpl. Josh Ray Person: He's in his grave.
Cpt. Bryan Patterson: Eleven thousand pounds of ordinance dropped and we didn't hit any armor. We didn't destroy any villages though either. Guess that sort of goes in the win column, right?
Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley: I know this may sound weird but deep down, I kinda wanted to know what it feels like to get shot. I mean, not actually shot but, I don't know, I just get more nervous watching a game show at home on T.V. than I do here, in all this, you know.
Lt. Nathaniel "Nate" Fick: I know this looks like some Blackhawk Down shit we're doin', but we'll be the ones initiating contact, not the bad guys.
Sergeant Brad 'Iceman' Colbert: [regarding Ray Person] Need I remind you that he is the best damn RTO in the business? As long as you keep him away from your uglier daughters and your smaller livestock.
Corporal Josh Ray Person: Goddamn Baptista! How the fuck would he like it if I joined the Brazilian Marines and only spoke English?
Corporal Josh Ray Person: Lilley! What the fuck?! Would you please BACK the FUCK UP!?!
Cpt. Dave "Captain America" McGraw: "How's it feel now you filthy motherfuckers!? Goddamn dirty hajji motherfuckers trying to fuck with me? FUCK YOU! That's what you get when you try to ambush Marines, motherfucker, you get DEAD! Fucking bitch!
Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley: Did you know people shiver when they have an excess of adrenaline? Cuts the blood flow or something. They taught us that in . Evan "Scribe" Wright: Is that what happens to you? Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley: No, I get a woody.
Sgt. Antonio "Poke" Espera: What the fuck is wrong with you dog? What is it with you white boys? Leave you alone for ten minutes and you go all Lord of the Flies and shit.
Sgt. Antonio "Poke" Espera: Lt.'s boys are eatin' some weird-ass meat over there. It's like picnic. Makes you appreciate shit. Makes you appreciate shit like good old-fashioned [reads label] chunk formed meat patties.
Sgt. Brad "Iceman" Colbert: What kind of goddamn sadists work at the MRE factory? Ten days and nothing but peanut butter. When the fuck am I gonna get a jalapeno cheese?
Lt. Nathaniel Fick: Walt, finish your report, get it to me asap. You did nothing wrong, but... we're gonna see if there's a better way to stop these cars. Cpl. Josh Ray Person: Walt's got a great way, LT. Shoot the driver, stop the car.
Cpl. Josh Ray Person: Damn, Brad, what else you got hidden in the humvee -- a fat chick?
Sergeant Antonio 'Poke' Espera: Check it, bro. The men all sit around talking shit, the women are all working. Corporal Jason Lilley: Brah, if we fight the women instead of the men, we'd get our asses kicked.
Cpl. Josh Ray Person: It looks like vodka. I think it's a kind of gin. Lt. Nathaniel Fick: [Walking by with Gunny Wynn] It's the kind that doesn't come out when officers and senior NCO's are present.
Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley: See Sergeant, we do shoot dogs in Iraq.
[SgtMaj. Sixta is watching the men of Bravo Company celebrate the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime] SgtMaj. Sixta: Y'all gets a free pass on the hooch tonight. But tomorry, y'all tighten up your assholes.
Cpl. Josh Ray Person: Hey Rudy! My sister wants her shorts back!
Student 1: Look at the rack on Lucy (Student 1 is attacked by a dog) Student 1: Ah my face! Student 2: I didn't know we could bring dogs to school.
Lucy: Did you just call art stupid? Dad? Devil: No. Lucy: Yes you did! Devil: Art is not stupid Lucy. I gotta go.
Devil: But it's funner to say letters. Becky: Yes it is fun for you. Devil: Do one. Becky: Ok how's it going with the A.C. Devil: The Air Conditioning? Becky: See this is what I mean. Devil: What's the A.C.? Becky: Anti Christ!
Devil: I paid for your stupid art school, didn't I? And I got you a dog. A hypo-allergenic dog, mind you, because you're allergic.
Senator Whitehead: You're playing it pretty cool with me. Very, "get out of my face". Very "I'm not impressed with your power and money". Lucy: You are an enormous douche bag!
DJ Jesús: I want to push DJing. I want it to be more than DJing, and also less than DJing. That's why I started incorporating nearicles into my set. Nearicles are like almost miracles. You get close, but it's not quite there. It's, it's a nearicle.
Special Father #1: At the time, we were also blind to the most horrible secret of all: the Devil's unholy move into the casual after-work style bar and grill business.
Opening song: I don't want to go to sleep. Lucy won't you come with me. Let's go paint the town red, Let's go paint the town red. All these people bother me, let's go on a killing spree. Let's go paint the town red.
Lucy: Hey, you know what would be horribly bad and tacky? Devil: What's that? Lucy: Karaoke. Devil: ...I love karaoke.
DJ Jesús: A restaurant chain? That's the belly of the beast man. That's awesome. We'll shoot it for the DVD, and we won't just do karaoke, we'll do Escape-Ee-Oke.
Devil: What's the matter Becky, huh!? You don't like singing and fun? Everyone else here does! Okay, wet blanket!
Animatronic Talking Burrito: Holy chimichanga! I'm goin' outta my man-ga!
Judas: All right now, someone from the audience will sing 'Shadows of the Night' by Pat Benatar, while DJ Jesus attempts to free himself before the song is over. And if he doesn't, he will be lowered into a pit...of vipers!
Special Father #2: You know, I would split nachos. Special Father #1: I'm not supposed to eat cheese. Special Father #2: You're not supposed to eat cheese? Why not? Special Father #1: No, it's like an irritable bowel... Sister Mary: Fathers!
Becky: According to our studies, if the people of the world masturbate just eight percent more, civilization will collapse. Becky: We feel that men can't possibly masturbate more, but women, women can. Devil: Yeah, especially her. Translate that.
DJ Jesús: We want your Dad to make a dildo of me breaking the world record for holding my arms out. We're gonna auction it off on holdingmyarmsout.com. Judas: I'd buy it...For my Mom! (silence) Ah. For your Mom! Woo!
Special Father #2: For two minutes I'm inna the bathroom and the guy comes! It's not my fault! Sister Mary: Oh, I doubt it was two minutes. He reads US Magazine cover to cover in there!
Becky: (holding up dildo) Here's to Lucy and her horrible dildo! Devil: You know what, I don't wanna cheer with dildos. Becky: What's the problem, that one hasn't been used. Devil: That one has? Ughh. Becky: Awkward.
Devil: A teratoma is a tumor that grows teeth and hair. It's the most disgusting thing in the world. Becky: Yeah. Devil: And, I'd like to introduce you. Becky, this is Terry. Terry: Hello Becky.
Special Father #1: But the forces of light can spread too. Spread like good news. In this case, the good news was a young DJ's delightful debut novel that combined the Christian allegory of Chronicles of Narnia with the folksy wisdom of Tuesday's With Morrie.
Becky: That book is a big problem. Devil: Don't worry about it. I already posted a bad review on Amazon.com Becky: That's not enough!
Devil: Becky, where have you been, I've been trying to reach...Oh. Hey Terry. Terry: Satan. Devil: Were you guys somewhere together? Terry and Becky at the same time: Yeah, we had a meeting/ No I was at the gym. Devil: That's weird, you just said two different things.
Lucy: Hey, what are you doing back here? Devil: Oh, I was giving Terry a tour. Lucy: Where's Terry? Devil: Ah, I put him in the deep fryer. Lucy: Well, that's good timing because DJ Jesús just ordered up a veggie burger. Devil: Lucy. Evil.
Satanists: Praise Satan! Man in cage: (as he is dropped into a flaming pit) Aieee! Satan: (opening door) Sorry I'm late! Holy shit it's hot in here. I brought Pinot Grigio. Where can I chill this?
Special Father #1: (VO) Worshipers believe that a blood sacrifice secures for them their selfish desires and an audience with their dark prince. Satanist #1: Hey that's a great sweater. Satan: Thanks a lot. Satanist #2: Yeah, it's so Cosby.
Senator Whitehead: Hey, uh any requests for who we should sacrifice? Satan: I don't know. Don't you usually do that? I just show up.
DJ Jesús: Look, if you've got it, flaunt it. Sandals are like bikinis for your feet.
Becky: That's what you've been working on all day? Poop jokes? Satan: Yeah. What's wrong with that? Becky, you go poop. I know you do.
Satan: We celebrate the quest for power. We desecrate with blood and fire! Minions: Praise Satan! Satan: But first, please put your hands together for our opening act. You've seen him on Premium Blend. Folks, please welcome the very funny Reggie Goldstein!
Special Father #1: No, we're going in circles. (pause) Is someone doing comedy? Sister Mary: These people are monsters! Reggie: Ah, you ever take a shit so big you take a photo of it?
Senator Whitehead: I need you to give my fuck-up son a job. It can be anything; I just need him tucked away somewhere during the campaign. He's a registered sex offender. Did you know that? Satan: Uh, I'm not surprised. I mean look at him.
Satan: I'm sorry. I'm on the South Beach diet. And it makes me a little edgy. Not to mention I have hygiene issues. When someone goes (blows raspberry) and it's not me, that's not hygienic.
Satan: That's funny, too, Becky! You're having fun at work! Becky: Fun? Satan: Yes!! Becky: Yeah, I guess... Satan: You WERE Becky... don't take it back. Becky: I guess. No, this is... this is fun. Satan: Don't do that, don't itch your neck...
Judas: Lucy's taking a long time with that food, huh? DJ Jesùs: Well, for Lucy, service is not about speed, it's about power. Judas: Wow, that's deep man. You should write that down. DJ Jesús: Already did. In my brain diary.
Nightshade: Garlic? Just a mild food allergy. If you want to give a vampire the runs, cook them ziti with some garlic sauce. Sister Mary: Good to know. Get ready to shit, vampires!
Special Father #1: And Father Murphy, how long did he serve here? New Priest/Survivor of Vampire Attack: Just a week. Special Father #1: They just kept sending priests. Sister Mary: Like staying in and ordering take-out.
Nightshade: (holding florescent light and killing vampires): High alpha, full spectrum, baby! Forty-two hundred lumens!
Satan (on infomercial): Call now to take advantage of this special offer! (speaking quietly and quickly) Side effects may include drowsiness, nightmares, and psychotic episodes. If you die in your dreams, you die in real life.
Bimbo #1: I love that track, what is it? DJ Jesús: That's ah, Himalayan yak herders. Bimbo #2: That's so cool. Judas: Yak herders! Those guys sure know how to party! Wooo!
DJ Jesús: Oh, hey Lucy. Wow, I just had the wildest dream and you were in it! And you Judas! And you Skanky Girl! And Skanky Girl's Friend, you were there too! And Crazy Shirt, you were all there.
Judas: Dude! You're naked! Senator Whitehead: Yes, I woke up naked on the docks and I decided to come straight to work. Judas: Nice dick! Senator Whitehead: Thank you Judas: What I'd give for half of that. DJ Jay, spit some beats for that politicians dick
George Bush: My name is George W. Bush and I approve this message. [Cut to a picture of a taco] Tacos rule.
Girl: This is me, and this is Stalin. [draws love heart] We're married.
Speed Racer: [not making any movement] It's important that I do not move because if I were to move that would add to the cost, so if I stay perfectly still that will be preferable to moving because animation costs money, uh-huh.
[Presidential Report Blooper starts] Reporter 1: This just in: CNN calls the state of Florida for Al Gore! That means Gore has won the Presidential Election. Thank you, Jesus! Reporter 2: Sure dodged that bullet. [Blooper ends] Bloopers Host: Oops.
That's for years of humiliation, bitch! Charlie Brown: Meet the kite-eating tree, you ugly son of a bitch!
Alien 1: Dammit, dammit, dammit! Years of planning, ruined! Alien 2: How were we gonna take over the world with a white Michael Jackson, anyway? Alien 1: Dammit, dammit, dammit!
Destro: Everyone just sort of lost interest. I think as you get older, ruling the world just seems like too much trouble. She-Ra: Am I done yet? Moore: You'll know, She-Ra, you'll know.
Papa Smurf and Brainy are in Vanity's house, investigating the latter's murder, in a parody of Seven.
Papa Smurf: One thing's for certain, Brainy. Vanity Smurf died the way he lived. Brainy: Bicurious?
Queen Beryl: Soon I will have your life force, Sailor Moon, and my plan to rule the earth will come to fruition! [Notices her erection.] Oh...anime sure is weird!
Daphne: Gosh, Freddy, are we really going to go all the way? Fred: If one more person says something about my ascot, I'll - damn, it's fashionable!
Freddy Kreuger: Fighting boredom is the hardest part of living in the Big Brother house. [Jason Voorhes playing charades, mimes TV, a robot, and a chicken] In case you were wondering, the answer was The Da Vinci Code.
Britney Spears: You can have my black cherry Justin. ..... ow, my butt!
Reindeers: [After seeing Goku and Gohan's Kamehameha, killing two reindeers, making like a path] Holy shit!!!! Composite Santa: [Composite Santa is vertically cut in half by the Kamehameha blast] Temperatures over 32 degrees farenheit... my only weakness! [Composite Santa dies]
Jesus: Let he who is without sin cast the first stone. [everyone drops their stones, Jesus then hits the prisoner with his stone] Blammo!
Barney the Dinosaur: I love you. You love me. Girl: But I'm not in love with you.
Barney the Dinosaur: (now in a street at night standing next to a female smoker) I love you, you love me. Smoker: Either way, it's 50 bucks.
Voices: Braaains... braiiins... Man:Are you radioactive zombie mutants, or survivors, thanking the only thing that's kept you alive? Voices: [after a pause] Zombies. Man: Okay. Voices: Didn't feel right to lie to you.
E.T.'s Mom: He said he would phone me but he hasn't phoned. He knows how I worry.
Harry What are we going to do? Hermione: Let's ask Hagrid for help. Harry: Don't be ridiculous, Hermione. We need to confront the terrible horror ourselves and potentially end up hospitalized, like always.
Gene Okerlund: And Hitler takes a flaming chair to the spine in what will surely go down in history as one of Wrestlemania's greatest moments! Sergeant Schultz do you have any comment? Sergeant Schultz: I know NOTHING! Bomb-Diffusing Robot: This is some serious bullshit.
[Wipe fade to Wilma Deering and Twikky having a conversation] Wilma: You really told all the aliens that Buck's name was Fuck? [chuckles] Twikky: Bidi-Bidi-Bidi, I was attempting human comedy.
Detective: Hey ar-are you Deepthroat? Rimjob: Hmm? Oh no I-I'm Rimjob, you want Level B2.
Snow Job: Hey guys, going on a mission? Can I come? Flint: Sorry Snow Job, this mission doesn't require ski's. Gung-Ho: Wearin' a blindingly white outfit in the middle of jungle warfare makes you a very shootable target, man! Snow Job: Bunch of G.I. Jerks!
Calvin: Native Americans would be more plentiful if they hadn't traded their land for casinos! Hobbes: Well, cowboys never even existed! They're just a masculine image campaign purported by Marlboro! Calvin's Dad: I think something's wrong with our son.
Santa Claus: [pulls over in his sleigh next to three girls] Ho, ho, ho!
Pound Puppies: If you don't buy us, we get killed!
News anchor: In tonight's news, you can find the words; night, tight, tits, tots, stew, whino, ghost, and the name Tony if you spell it with an i.
Scientist: [announcing Pluto's downgrade from planet status] Also, A is no longer a vowel, north no longer a direction... and your sister, no longer A VIRGIN!!
Man 1': Hey, who packed my chute? Man 2: I did. Why? Don't you trust me? Man 1: Are you gonna jump, or are we just gonna jerk each other off? [Long pause. Cut to outside shot of the plane and the door slides shut]
Mario: You know, Donkey Kong, at $137 a barrel, this is a tremendous a-waste. (takes a barrel) I keep it a-now.
Singer: I wanna rock! [A rock is thrown at him]
Linus Van Pelt: I love geography day! I got Italy Lucy Van Pelt: I got Russia Charlie Brown: I got Iraq
Joker: I hear you're a man can get things. Black Manta: Well, that depends. Joker: I need a large poster of Phyllis Diller. Black Manta: That may take time. Joker: Time's the one thing I've got. [long pause] Well, that and dementia.
News Reporter: ...and to all you kids under 18 watching Robot Chicken, shame on your parents.
Matthew Senreich: [during the opening Saving Private Ryan parody war scene, as Seth Green is shot down] I'll tell your story! [Matthew Senreich is shot down] Daniel/Gyro-Robo: I'll tell Seth Green's story! Yours has less commercial appeal!
Dora the Explorer: [climbing Mt. Everest] I'm Dora the Explorer, and I fear this mountain may be my grave.
Princess Leia: [in bed with Luke Skywalker] That was so wrong...
Rick: I suppose you think it's pretty weird, don't you Mike? Well, you'd be right. 'Cause THAT'S the kind of guy I am, right? WEIRD. Which is why I go over people's heads. A bit like an aeroplane! You think I'm an aeroplane, don't you, Mike? Well, I'm not.
Rick: Neil, are these lentils South African?! Neil: well... ummm Rick: You Bastard! You complete and utter bastard! why dont you just go out and become a Policeman? Become a Pig? there's no difference you know?! I suppose you hate gay people too! Hippie!
Vyvyan: I've been down the morgue! ... I got a leg! Mike: Hey Vyvyan, that's not unusual. Vyvyan: No look! I'm supposed to write an essay on it, but I think I'm just gonna stick it on the bonnet of my car!
Rick: I think Special Patrol Group is a stupid name for a hamster! Vyvyan: Okay, I'll change it, then! Hello Cliff Richard! Rick: Bastard!
Special Patrol Group: I could murder a curry! [farts and flies across the basement] Vyvyan: Poor Special Patrol Group. Rick: What's poor about him? Vyvyan: It'll take ten weeks to starve another one.
Rick: [To Vyvyan] Shut up! I'm trying to stir my coffee!
Vyvyan: I thought you were dead! Neil: That's no reason to hassle me on the toilet!
Neil: What are you doing with my crucifix, Rick? Rick: Protesting! Neil: I don't wanna bring you down or anything, but I think that is a really negative way to try and kill yourself, I mean I tried it hundreds of times, there's no way you can hammer in the last nail.
Vyvyan: We had a front door at the last house. Rick: Yes, Vyvyan, but it was nailed to the ceiling in the living room! Mike: Rick, it had to be done. Vyvyan: Yeah! I had to! I was drunk!
Statue: More bloody students... Sunflower: Oh shut up, and put some clothes on.
Vyvyan: Shut your face, traitor! [Hits Rick in the crotch with the bat] Rick: Hah! Missed both my legs! [grimaces] Vyvyan: [smacks Rick in the head with the bat] SHUT UP!
Rick: Five pounds to get in my own bedroom?! Hah! What have you done, turned it into a roller disco? Mike: Uncanny! [Rick walks into his room to find that it has indeed been turned into a roller disco.]
Rick: [Catches a golf ball] How's that? [Realises it is actually feces and groans in disgust, goes into bathroom and comes out] Who's been using my toothpaste?! Mike: Vyvyan was writing an essay and he used it as Tipp-Ex. Rick: Bastard!
Mike: Oh, and Neil? I want that &#8356;1.50 by Friday or else another moose dies.
Rick:: [to Suggs of Madness, the live band playing at the pub] Do any of you lot know Summer Holiday by Cliff Richard? Suggs:: You 'um it, I'll smash your face in. Rick:: [taken aback] I'll go sit over there...
Rick: Bloody hell. No room for me on the sofa as usual. I'll have to sit on the rickety chair. (going over to the TV) Oh goody goody gumdrops. Just in time to watch "Oh Crikey" on ITV! Neil: Oh, Rick! We were watching "Bastard Squad"!
Policeman 1: I reckon I could have slept with her, if it wasn't for something I said. But we had a row and, uh... I said something about the Pope. Policeman 2: That's a bit stupid, you know she's Catholic. Policeman 1: Yeah, I know she's Catholic, but I didn't know the Pope was.
Vyvyan's Mum: So, dear, why don't you come over here and tell me what you've been doing for the past 10 years? Vyvyan: Well... Vyvyan's Mum: Not you. Zitface! [Picks Mike up from his seat] Him.
Ftumch: At least you have a chance. No one ever says my name. No one ever says 'Ftumch'. Why couldn't I be called 'William'? Orgo: I don't know...
Rick: Pollution, all around. Sometimes up, sometimes down. But always around. Pollution are you coming to my town? Or am I coming to yours? Ha! We're on different buses, pollution, but we're both using petrol... bombs.
Rick: Aha, caught you Vyvyan, using my ketchup on your cornflakes! Vyvyan: Well I couldn't get any milk out of the fridge. Rick: Why, what are you, a spazzy? Vyvyan: No, there just happens to be an atom bomb in front of the door.
Mike: Vyv! Eat the telly! Vyvyan: I've been waiting for this!
Rick: Okay! Pop music! Let's go! Anyone here like the Human League? [No-one is paying attention] Okay! [The song plays quietly. Two policemen run in and smash the record player] Policeman 1: Right, the music's too loud! The neighbours have been complaining.
Dr. Jim Morrison: Wow, what is this? Tobacco or... Pink Floyd?
Rick: That's just typical. Five minutes before the most important party of my life and the house is destroyed by a giant sandwich.
Anarchist: Next week, right, I'm going to blow up a panda in Croydon. Rick: Yeah, right on! Bloody zoos, who needs 'em. Anarchist: I mean a police car, you terminal wally!
Mr. Balowski: There's no chance of using your toilet, is there? Mike: No. Mr. Balowski: I thought not, that's why I pissed in your garden.
[The clock's hands have spun rapidly] Sue: Goodness, is that the time? Vyvyan: No, the clock's broken. The hands keep whizzing round. It's only really half past seven.
Rick: God, I'm bored. Might as well be listening to Genesis.
Rick: Honestly, I don't know why I bother sometimes. Vyvyan: I don't know why you bother ever.
Neil: I mean, come on guys, you can tell me, truthfully, do I smell? Mike: Yes. Neil: Come on guys, I can handle it, you can tell me, do I sme- what do you mean, yes? Vyvyan: We mean, yes you smell. Smelly. Neil: [clearly not handling it] Oh, great. Yeah.
Rick: I've told you a million times, do not exaggerate!
Rick: [Screaming hysterically] I AM NOT! GETTING! AGGRESSIVE! Neil: [Calmly, staring at Rick] You are, Rick. I can sense it.
[Repeated line of dialogue] Various characters] Oh, have you got a video? Vyvyan: [Increasingly exasperated] Yes! We've got a video!
Woman: Do you dig graves? Neil: Yeah, yeah, they're all right, yeah.
Rick: Neil, the bathroom's free! (looking at the camera) Unlike the country under the Thatcherite Junta.
Mike: Thank heaven for Habitat's sofa-coffins!
Vyvyan: When my hamster finds out you nicked his carrots he's gonna kill you, Neil. Neil: Oh was it SPG's? I didn't know he ate carrots. Vyvyan: He doesn't eat carrots, Neil, he sticks 'em down his underpants to impress the girls.
Vyvyan: Vyvyan, Vyvyan, Vyvyan! Honestly! Whenever anything explodes in this house it's always blame Vyvyan! Rick: Well, who do you suggest we blame? Vyvyan: Blame whoever rung the front doorbell! Because they OBVIOUSLY set off the bomb I wired up!
Rick: Ah! It's a vampire! Mike: In a parcel! Vyvyan: In the kitchen! Neil: [To Audience] Hate mail! [To guys] What are we gonna do? Rick: Only Pop Music can save us now! [The Damned appear and start performing]
Vampire: [Having being lit up by sunlight] Oh, dear! I've forgotten the time difference between here and Johannasburg! Arrrgh! Arrrgh!
Rick: Vyvyan! Where'd you get that Howitzer?! Vyvyan: Found it. Rick: Well you can put it back this instant, young man! Vyvyan: I will, I will. Just as soon as I've blown you to pieces!
Sayle [as John Cleese doing a Silly Walk]: 'Scuse me, is this a cheese shop? Mayall [as Michael Palin]: No, sir. Sayle: [to camera] Well, that's that sketch knackered then, innit?!
Vyvyan: What's a good thing for a hangover? Mike: Drinking heavily the night before.
Rick: Alright, if I'm a virgin, how come I know what a girl's bottom looks like? (Pause) Vyvyan: From looking in the mirror. Rick: Damn!
Mike: Neil, did you upset the neighbours? Neil: No. I blew them up.
Neil: I'll die if I miss Scooby-Doo!
Rick: It was incredible. We did everything. Mike: [Recording with a tape recorder] Like what? Rick: Umm, everything. At one point, she even took her bra off! So I took off my dungarees...
Vyvyan: Now, where were we?... Ah, yes. Virgin. Rick: Yes. Argh! Vyvyan: (chases Rick up the stairs) Virgin! Virgin!
Rick: Amazulu. SPG: Really? I'm a Glaswegian.
[Vyvyan is trying to blow up Rick with his howitzer for not admitting to be a virgin.] Rick: No, Vyvyan! Please, you were right and I was wrong. I am a virgin. Vyvyan: Not for long, matey! [fires at Rick again]
[takes out paper and pencil] Neil: You haven't got an MP, Rick. You're an anarchist. Rick: Oh. Well, then I shall write to the lead singer of Echo and the Bunnymen! (...)
[takes Rick's coin purse, removes some money] Ha ha! Found it! Rick: You put that back! That's my personal property! Neil: You just said all property is theft, Rick. Rick: Well, yes, it is. Vyvyan: Yeah, so I'm nicking it. Rick: Stop! Thief! Thief!
Mike: Ah, well. Boing! (jumps in the air and motions Rick and Vyvyan to do the same. The two exchange looks before following suit.) Rick & Vyvyan: (Jumping) Boing!
Rick: Oh yes, Mike, your tutor asked me to tell you that if you don't start turning up to class next September, then he and the Dean are going to have to seriously reconsider your grant. Mike: Well, you can tell my tutor that I've still got the photos of him and the Dean.
Mike: [Having just knocked out Neil with a cricket bat] What's a hippie worth then, a six? Vyvyan: Six? It would have been worth six if you'd killed him, Mike. Let's call it two. Mike: Fair enough.
Mike: Neil, it's not often you interest me, but today you have. Why do you keep running in here carrying a cake and yelling "Surprise!"? Neil: Well, because it's my birthday, Mike. Mike: Now, you knew that anyway, and we don't care, so where's the surprise?
Rick: I can't believe it. My parents... are dead. Neil: You think that's bad... Rick: Well yes I do actually! What's it to you piss-face?!
Neil: Oh wow. I never knew I wore a wig. Eugggh.
God: Hello, I'm God. Well, you didn't expect me to be a woman, now, did you?
Jersei Baloski: [Having smashed the window] Oh, look! Some sod broke your window. That's £18 you owe me.
[After the bus they were riding in has crashed to the bottom of a ravine] The Guys: Phew! That was close! [The bus explodes]
