tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [re: downsizing] Am I going to tell them? No, I'm not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [during a role-playing exercise; to Dwight, who's supposed to be Asian] Okay, if I have to do this, based on stereotypes that are totally untrue and that I do not agree with, you would maybe... not be a very good driver. Dwight: Aw, man! Am I a woman? Aww! Boo!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: OK, first let's go over some parameters. How many people can I fire? Michael: Uh, none. You're picking a healthcare plan.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Dwight, don't you need health insurance? Dwight: Don't need it. Perfect immunity. I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will. Pam: Why would you need to raise your cholesterol? Dwight: So I can lower it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: [reading her birthday card] This one's from Michael. "Let's hope the only downsizing that happens to you is that someone downsizes your age." Michael: Get it? 'Cause of the downsizing. Rumors. And 'cause you're getting old. Meredith: I... get it.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: [who is of Mexican descent] I can play basketball if you need any help. Michael: I will use your talents come baseball season, my friend. Or if we box.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [trying to motivate the employees for a basketball game] I know, grumble, grumble. But you would follow me to the ends of the earth, grumbling all the way. Like that dwarf from Lord of the Rings. Dwight: Gimli. Michael: Nerd. That is why you're not on the team.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: The purse girl hits everything on my checklist: creamy skin, straight teeth, curly hair, amazing breasts. Not for me, for my children. The Schrutes produce very thirsty babies.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: You know what they say about a car wreck, where it's so awful you can't look away? The Dundies are like a car wreck that you want to look away from but you have to stare at it because your boss is making you.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate, so he's not really a part of our family. Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Actually, I do own property. My grandfather left me a 60-acre working beet farm. I run it with my cousin Mose. We sell beets to the local stores and restaurants. It's a nice little farm... sometimes teenagers use it for sex.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Yes, I was the first one out. And yes, I've heard "women and children first". But, we do not employ children. We are not a sweatshop, thankfully. And women are equal in the workplace by law. So if I let them out first, I have a lawsuit on my hands.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I hope the war goes on forever and Ryan gets drafted.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phyllis: [to Dwight in costume] Are you a monk? Dwight: I'm a Sith lord!!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [while on hold with Sherry] I wish I could fire Sherry. Sherry: I'm still here, Michael. Michael: Err... OK, Sherry. Thank you.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Would I rather be feared or loved? Umm... easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [on the phone] I don't understand... you want to see other people? ...Only other people?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Pam, you're trustworthy. Pam: Thank you. Michael: And a woman. Pam: Oh no.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: I actually look forward to performance reviews. I did the youth beauty pageant circuit, and I enjoyed that quite a bit. I really enjoy being judged. I believe I hold up very well to even severe scrutiny.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: My roommate wants to meet everybody. Because I'm pretty sure he thinks I'm making Dwight up. [sighs] He is very real.
tv-office-us	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Stupid corporate wet blankets. Like booze ever killed anyone.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You know what Brenda, could we have a moment alone? Brenda: Jan said if you asked me that I was supposed to say no.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: You know what? I would save the receptionist. Just wanted to clear that up.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: *throws up in barf bag* I'm on medication. Brenda: Really? What? Michael: Vomicillin.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [calling from the conference room] Pam, come in here please. Pam: Tell me before I come there. Michael: [Apprehensively] I want you rub butter on my foot. Pam: No. Michael: Please? I have Country Crock.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: If I had to, I could clean out my desk in five seconds, and nobody would ever know that I'd ever been here. And I'd forget, too.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: What did you guys talk about? Jim: Oh, just you know - politics, literature... [holds up Hooter's T-shirt] Pam: I hate you.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I swore to myself that if I ever got to walk around the room as manager, people would laugh when they saw me coming and would applaud as I walked away.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: It's a terrible idea. Jim: What is? Dwight: Them in there all together. They stay in there too long, they're gonna get on the same cycle. Wreak havoc on our plumbing.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dwight and company are descending into the warehouse for a "men's day"] Dwight: Remember on Lost when they met "the Others"?
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Women are like wolves. If you want a wolf, you have to trap it. Snare it. Then to keep it happy, you have to tame it. Feed it, care for it. Lovingly. The way an animal deserves to be loved. And my animal deserves a lot of loving.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jan: Nervous? No, I'm not nervous. Well, I mean, I guess I'd be lying if I didn't say I was a little nervous. Um, the new CFO is judging me on this too. And, well, it is Michael. So... yeah, I'm very nervous.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [giving a speech at a paper selling conference] BLOOD ALONE MOVES THE WHEELS OF HISTORY!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: When I was in the 6th grade, I was a finalist in our school spelling bee. It was me against Raj Patel. And I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word "failure".
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Yes. It is true. I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it, and I am going to do it. I need a username, and... I have a great one. "lilkidlover". That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: This is Creed, and he is in charge of... something... right? Creed: That is correct.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [After he didn't tip the sub man] Why tip someone for a job I'm capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can, and do, cut my own hair. I did, however, tip my urologist, because I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: Didn't you lose a lot of money on that other investment, the one from that e-mail? Michael: You know what, Toby? When the son of the deposed King of Nigeria e-mails you directly asking for help, you help. His father ran the freaking country, okay?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: Do you want to give Michael your urine? Dwight: [deeply sincere] I want him to have all the urine he needs.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Last week, Dwight found half a joint in the parking lot. And as it turns out, Dwight finding drugs is scarier than most people using drugs.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud-gun in a duffle bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Dwight tried to kiss me. Michael: What? Jim: And I didn't tell anyone, 'cause I'm not really sure how I feel about it. Dwight: That is not true. Redact it. Redact it! Jim: Well, I'm not actually making a formal complaint. I just really think we should talk about it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Darryl: I taught Mike some, uh, some phrases to help with his interracial conversation. You know, stuff like, "fleece it out," "going mach 5," "dinkin' flicka." You know, things us Negroes say.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Yeah, I'm not a temp anymore. I got Jim's old job. Which means at my ten year high school reunion, it will not say "Ryan Howard is a temp". It will say "Ryan Howard is a junior sales associate at a midrange paper supply firm". [pause] That'll show 'em.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: I'm not offended by homosexuality. In the '60s I made love to many, many women, often outdoors, in the mud and the rain... and it's possible a man slipped in. [shrugs] There'd be no way of knowing.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Ain't no party like a Scranton party cause a Scranton party don't stop!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [crying] The Sebring is cool! The Sebring is so cool! Please don't fire me Michael, I'll do anything!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Just as you have planted your seed into the ground, I will plant my seed into you. Ryan: I don't think you know what you're saying.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: What time is it there? Jim: What time is it here? Um, we're in the same time zone. Pam: Uh, oh, yeah, right. Jim: How far away did you think we were? Pam: I don't know. It felt far. Jim: ...Yeah.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Karen: Andy! No a cappella!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: I don't want to blame anyone in particular. I think everyone's to blame.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I'll be the number-two guy here in Scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I'm always thinking one step ahead. Like a... carpenter... that makes stairs.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. And I do not care if that convict is white, black, Asian, German, or some kind of halfsy. I do not like criminals.
tv-office-us	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [bringing in a dead goose] I accidentally ran over it. It's a Christmas miracle! Toby: C'mon, Dwight, we talked about this: no dead animals in the office.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'd like everybody's attention. Christmas is cancelled. Stanley: You can't cancel a holiday. Michael: Keep it up, Stanley, and you'll lose New Year's. Stanley: What's that mean? Michael: Jim, take New Year's away from Stanley.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: I miss the days when there was only one party I didn't want to go to.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Why do I feel like crap? Jim: You just had a rebound. Michael: A rebound? Jim: Yeah. Which, don't get me wrong, can be a really fun distraction, but when it's over... you're left thinking about the girl you really like - the one that broke your heart.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [seeing a picture of Michael and Jan in Jamaica] Oh my God, is that Jan? Michael: No... that's a German woman named... Urkel... grue.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Jan? You complete me. Jan: ...Oh god.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice... strike three.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jan: And where it asks you to state your business he wrote, "Beeswax, Not Yours, Inc."
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: I miss Dwight. Congratulations, universe. You win.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I don't want somebody sucking up to me because they think I am going to help their career. I want them sucking up to me because they genuinely love me.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I don't care what Jim says, that is not the real Ben Franklin. I am 99% sure.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Guys! Beef: it's what's for dinner! Who wants some man meat? Dwight: I do! I want some man meat! Jim: Michael, Dwight would like your man meat. Michael: Well then, my man meat he shall have.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: There's too many people in this world. We need a new plague.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I saw "Wedding Crashers" accidentally. I bought a ticket for "Grizzly Man" and went into the wrong theater. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theater, but I kept waiting. Cause that's the thing about bear attacks... they come when you least expect it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, "Would an idiot do that?" And if they would, I do not do that thing.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: There are four kinds of business: tourism, food service, railroads, and sales. And hospitals/manufacturing. And air travel.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I love you, Jan. Jan: Okay.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: No need for consternation. Everything is under control. Jan: Michael, last Friday one of your employees attacked another employee in your office! Michael: It was a crime of passion, Jan. Not a disgruntled employee. Everyone here is extremely gruntled.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: I don't think Michael intended to punish me by putting Ryan back here with Kelly. But, if he did intend that... wow. Genius.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: This may be the first time that a male subordinate has attempted to get a modest scheduled raise by threatening to withhold sex from a female superior. It will be a groundbreaking case, when it inevitably goes to trial.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [wearing a women's suit] I don't think that this is totally just a woman's suit. At the very least it's bisexual.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It was a weird day. I accidentally cross-dressed.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I saved a life: my own. Am I a hero? I really can't say... but, yes.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: Every week, I'm supposed to take four hours and do a quality spot-check at the paper mill. And of course the one year I blow it off, this happens.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Beer me! Jim: What's that? Andy: Hand me that water. I always say, "Beer me." Gets a laugh like a quarter of the time. Jim: Lord, beer me strength.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Question, what kind of bear is best? Dwight: That's a ridiculous question. Jim: False. Black bear. Dwight: That's debatable. There are basically two schools of thought. Jim: Fact. Bears eat beets. Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I wish I could menstruate. If I could menstruate, I wouldn't have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I'd just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus I'd be more in tune with the moon and the tides.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: Sometimes the clothes at Gap Kids are just too flashy. So, I'm forced to go to the American Girl store and order clothes for large colonial dolls.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: There's a wishing fountain at the mall. And I threw a coin in for every woman in the world and made a wish. I wished for Jan to get over me, I wished for Phyllis a plasma TV, I wished for Pam to gain courage, I wished for Angela a heart, and for Kelly a brain...
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Today, we are not just spending a day at the beach. Stanley: Oh sweet mother of God. Michael: If you don't like it, Stanley, you can go to the back of the bus. Stanley: Excuse me. Michael: Or the front of the bus. Or drive the bus.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kevin: I just want to lie on the beach and eat hot dogs. That's all I've ever wanted.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Andy Bernard. Pros: he's classy. He gets me. He went to Cornell. I trust him. Cons: I don't really trust him.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Last year, Creed asked me how to set up a blog. Wanting to protect the world from being exposed to Creed's brain, I opened up a Word document on his computer and put an address at the top. I've read some of it. Even for the Internet, it's... pretty shocking.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Once I'm officially regional manager, my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable, fictional, and overqualified.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Don't you want to earn Schrute bucks? Stanley: No. In fact, I'll give you a billion Stanley nickels if you never talk to me again. Dwight: What's the ratio of Stanley nickels to Schrute bucks? Stanley: The same as the ratio of unicorns to leprechauns.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [answering the phone] Michael Scott's Dunder Mifflin Scranton Meredith Palmer Memorial... Celebrity Rabies Awareness Fun Run Race For The Cure. This is Pam. Michael: Pro-Am. Pam: ...Pro-Am Race For The- They hung up.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: One day Michael came in complaining about a speed bump on the highway...... I wonder who he ran over then
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked. But it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: [after Dwight feeds her cat] Any problems? Dwight: Well, you left the TV on. Also, your cat is dead.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It is up to me to get rid of the curse that hit Meredith with my car. I'm not superstitious but I'm a little stitious.
tv-office-us	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Kelly, you're a Hindu, so you believe in Buddha. Kelly: That's Buddhists. Michael: Are you sure? Kelly: No.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Guess what. I have flaws. What are they?. Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me!.. No, don't sue me. That's the opposite of the point that I am trying to make.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: [to Ryan] Hey, brah. I've been meaning to ask you. Can we get some Red Bull for these things? Sometimes a guy's gotta ride the bull, am I right? Later, skater.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Computers are about trying to murder you in a lake.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [to Angela] I just wanna be friends. Plus a little extra. Also, I love you.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I am not a bad person. When I left Staples, I took some of their leads with me but I never intended to use them. What did I intend to do with them? Who knows. Maybe keep them as a souvenir. Maybe use them.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It was a pretty disappointing day. It was kind of a slap in the face, to realize that I wasn't as important as I thought I was to a certain young executive. Who I had cared about. But you know, I'm not going to cry about it. I did that on the way home.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Angela: I can't do this. I can't do it. Michael: Yes you can. I know you can. I wouldn't say it if I didn't 100% believe it. Who else could do this? Angela: Okay. Okay. Michael: No seriously, is there anyone else who could do it better? Because we don't have a lot of time.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: Find anything? Kevin: I think it's a straight-forward kidnapping. Oscar: Stanley, could you look up "accomplices"? Stanley: Can't you guys do it? Oscar: 'Cause we're looking up "jail time".
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: We'll ask Powerpoint. Oscar: Michael, this is a presentation tool. Michael: You're a presentation tool!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY! Oscar: I just wanted you to know that you can't just say the word bankruptcy and expect anything to happen. Michael: I didn't say it. I declared it.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: As of this morning, we are completely wireless here on Schrute Farms. As soon as I find out where Mose hid all the wires, we'll have that power back on.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Second Life is not a game. It is a multi-user, virtual environment. It doesn't have points or scores. It doesn't have winners or losers. Jim: Oh, it has losers.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: I'm excited about doing the ad, but I'm not really used to doing videos with so many people around.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: The eyes are the groin of the head.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [about the corporate retreat] Michael wasn't invited. Apparently they already knew everything they needed to know about him.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kelly: I don't talk trash, I talk smack. They're totally different. Trash talk is hypothetical, like: Your mom is so fat she can eat the internet. But smack talk is happening like right now. Like: You're ugly and I know it for a fact 'cause I got the evidence right there.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jan: People underestimate Michael. There are plenty of things that he is well above average at. Like ice skating. He is a very good ice skater.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jan's lawyer: How long have you known Ms. Levinson? Michael: Six years and two months. Jan's lawyer: And you were directly under her the whole time? Michael: That's what she said. Jan's lawyer: Excuse me? Michael: [slowly] That's what she said.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: What part of "shorn't" don't you understand?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Do you have a question, Kelly? Kelly: Yeah, I have a lot of questions. Number one: how dare you?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: There is a spare key, and a master key for the office. Dwight has them both. When I asked "What if you die, Dwight, how will we get into the office?", he said "If I'm dead, you guys have been dead for weeks."
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: A lot of jazz cats are blind. But they can play the piano like nobody's business. I'd like to put the piano in front of Pam, without her glasses, and see what happens. I'd also like to see her topless.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Friends joke with one another. Hey you're poor. Hey, your momma's dead. That's what friends do.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: It's like I used to tell my wife: I do not apologize unless I think I'm wrong. And if you don't like it you can leave. And I say the same thing to my current wife and I'll say it to my next one, too.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Hazing is a fun way to show a new employee that she is not welcome or liked.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [learning he is not father of Jan's baby] You cheated on me...when I specifically asked you not to?
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Angela, will you do me the honor of giving me your tiny hand in marriage? Angela: ...Okay. Andy: Into the mic, sweetie. Angela: I said, okay. Andy: She said yes! [light applause from some people] And the crowd goes wild! Woo!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: What is wrong with these people? They have no willpower. I once went 28 years without having sex. And then again for seven years.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ryan: Kelly. Kelly: Oh, hello Ryan. You look well. Ryan: I wanted to say I'm sorry... for treating you bad the past couple years. I was in my mid twenties and I was going through a lot of stuff. I think I never fully processed 9/11.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: [About Kelly] I like her nails. Michael: Okay, be more specific. Meredith: I like her finger nails.
tv-office-us	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Jan is about to have a baby with a sperm donor. And Michael is preparing for the birth of a watermelon with Dwight. Now, this baby will be related to Michael through delusion.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: In my opinion, the third date is traditionally the one where... you have sex. Does Holly feel that way? I don't know. I will probably find out tonight. If she starts having sex with me I'll know for sure.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed Bratton: Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name: Creed Bratton.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: [dressed as Charlie Chaplin] So apparently no one dresses up for Halloween here. I wish I had known that before I used grease paint for my mustache. And I can't even take off my hat... because then I'm Hitler.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Kelly: Dwight, get out of my nook. Pam: [heard through Jim's Bluetooth] THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID! THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID! THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID! Jim: Good one.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Kelly Kapoor is our dusky, exotic customer service rep. And once a year, she will contact our clients and find out how happy they are with our salespeople. Sort of a Kapoor's List. Schindler's List parody. ...That's not appropriate, no.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Pam comes back from New York next week. And everyone here has just been so excited for me, and involved, and intrusive, and weird.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: [Interrupting Jim and Pam's kiss in the parking lot] You're back. Pam: Uh, yeah. Dwight: Good. [hands Pam a stack of papers] I need you to make five copies of these. Pam: I'm not going inside. Dwight: Alright, first thing in the morning then. Jim: [to Pam] Welcome back.
tv-office-us	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I learned a while back that if I don't text 911, people will not return my calls. Uhhm, but now people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend, but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phyllis: Oh I don't think it's blackmail. Angela just does what I ask her to do so I won't tell everyone that she's cheating on Andy with Dwight. I think for it to be blackmail, it would have to be a formal letter.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Okay, okay, okay. Why don't we just put this to a vote, and then we'll be done with it. Angela: I'm not voting. Jim: No one cares.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Your heart is a wonderful thing, Michael. But it has made some terrible decisions. Michael: That is true. Dwight: Yes. Michael: That is true. We have gone down the wrong path many, many times. Dwight: Yeah. Michael: Jan...Ryan.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: [yelling] The fire is shooting at us!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: Did I want to come back? No, but I don't have enough money to retire and I'm too old to get another job. I feel like I'm working in my casket.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: I think I'm basically a good person. But I am going to try to make him cry.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	David Wallace: How could you possibly think this was a good idea? Dwight: Many ideas were not appreciated in their time. Michael: Electricity. Dwight: Shampoo.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: I hate the idea that someone out there hates me. I even hate thinking that al-Qaeda hates me. [pause] I think if they got to know me, they wouldn't hate me. But, Karen knows me, and she still hates me.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Are you trying to hurt my feelings? Because if so, you are succeeding. Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man's.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kelly: I'm too excited to sleep!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: They have new phone systems now that can ring directly to a salesman, or someone presses star and they go to accounting, basically 95% of my job. But I'd like to see a machine that puts out candy for everyone. [pauses] Vending machine...
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: This little hellraiser is Angela. She has slept with a bunch of different guys in the office. Right over there [points to Andy] in the orange. Andy: Hey-oh!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: Michael's like a movie on a plane. You know it's not great, but it's something to watch. And then when it's over, you're like, how much time is left on this flight? You know, now what?
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Charles is having Kevin cover the phones for a while. How do I say this diplomatically...I think Kevin is doing exactly as well as anyone might have expected someone like him to perform in a position like that.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Maybe the Michael Scott Paper Company was a huge mistake. I should leave. I should go and start my own paper company. That'll show 'em.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I know a few things about love. Horrible, terrible, awful, awful things.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: When a child gets behind the wheel of a car and runs into a tree, you don't blame the child; he didn't know any better. You blame the 30-year-old woman who got in the passenger seat and said, "Drive, kid; I trust you."
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I have no shortage of company names. David Wallace: Michael... Michael: That's one of them.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: So hey, I wanna set you up with my daughter. Jim: Oh, I'm engaged to Pam. Creed: I thought you were gay. Jim: Then why would you want to set me up with your daughter? Creed: I don't know.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: When held over heat, the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately. Do not ask me where I got the invisible ink. [pause] Urine. It was urine.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: So this morning, we are having breakfast together...and I just looked up from my cereal and I said, "You know what I wanna do today? I wanna marry you." Pam: I had just woken up. I didn't look cute. That's how I knew he meant it.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: This is not the first time rumors about me being gay have come up. Twice before actually. Just a weird coincidence. A little too weird. Almost makes you wonder if it's not a coincidence at all! Whoa! Which it is, of course. But it makes you wonder.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: Look, it doesn't take a genius to know that every organization thrives when it has two leaders. Go ahead, name a country that doesn't have two presidents. A boat that sets sail without two captains. Where would Catholicism be without the popes?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You know, what eats a large amount of the day are naps. You go to sleep it's light out, you wake up it's dark. That's the whole day. Where did that day go? I have no idea. Jim: You mean on a weekend. Michael: ...Yes.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: I bought those boat tickets the day I saw that YouTube video. I knew we'd need a backup plan. The boat was actually Plan C, the church was Plan B, and Plan A was marrying her a long, long time ago. Pretty much the day I met her.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: Pam and Jim are on their honeymoon, so there's not the usual balance between sane and others. Toby has mentally checked out since June. It's a very dangerous time. The "coalition for reason" is extremely weak. Toby: [In interview] Oscar said I checked out? [shrugs] Well...
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: "R" is among the most menacing of sounds. That's why they call it murder and not mukduk.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I don't need to be friends with Pam. I have plenty of female friends. My mom. Pam's mom. My aunt, although she just blocked me on IM. What's-her-face from Quizno's? I see her four times a week.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Jim is my enemy, but it turns out that Jim is also his own worst enemy. And the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So Jim is actually my friend. But, because he is his own worst enemy, the enemy of my friend is my enemy. So actually, Jim is my enemy. But
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'm not usually the butt of the joke. I'm usually the face of the joke. I wish Jim had fallen into that pond and he'd have to put on my suit and it'd be too short and he'd look... Dammit, he'd still look good.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Can't a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so they'll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Geez. When did everyone get so cynical?
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Co-managing is a give and take. You have to pick your battles. One of the battles that I picked was to stop Michael from running plastic tubes all over the office and placing hamsters inside of them. He was going to call it Tube City. So, yes, I do owe him one.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: [to Michael] You can't yell, "I need this! I need this!" as you pin an employee down on your lap.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: I don't know how I'm going to get through this. I don't want to lie and I DON'T want to tell the truth.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Hey, any fun weekend plans? Erin: No, you? Andy: Uh, no, actually. So nothing? No movies, or parties, or anything you might want to invite someone to? Erin: Nothing. It's wide open. Andy: Okay. [cuts to Andy in an interview] Andy: That's as hard as I can hint.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: You know how some people say they're not in it for the money? Well, with all due respect to this job, I'm think I'm definitely in it for the money. And, quite honestly, the women.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Bear my child. Angela: Excuse me? Dwight: I want to have a child for business reasons and I want you to be the mother. If you agree, say nothing. If you disagree, say anything. [Angela is silent] Very well. Let's meet at 4:00 pm at our old meeting spot and bang it out.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: There she sat. Her name was Pam. She was a receptionist. She was engaged to an animal. There sat Jim. He was a gawky, tall salesman. The odds of them getting together were insur-mountain-able. I made a family! I got these two together and I made a family.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Did you grow up around here? Kevin: No. Erin: So, you must have grown up around somewhere else? Kevin: Yes.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: It is St. Patrick's Day, and here in Scranton that is a huge deal. It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: They say that no man is an island. False! I am an island and this island is volcanic. And it is about to erupt. With the molten hot lava of strategy!
tv-office-us	family	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: Hey baby, what's up? Jim: I am currently reading incoherent riddles on blue index cards to find vital information that Michael has hidden all over the office. How are you? Pam: Nothing but vomit and diapers over here. Jim: Oh my God, I couldn't envy you more.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Hope... grows Michael: ...in a dump.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Isabel watches Dwight play Whack-a-Mole] Isabel: You are amazing at this. How did you get so good? Dwight: Whacking moles.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: And then my last job was at a Taco Bell Express. But then it became a full-time Taco Bell and... I don't know. I couldn't keep up.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You know what, I resent the implication that I would keep that secret. Everyone here knows that I can't and won't keep a secret.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I bet you get pulled over by the cops a lot because of your race. Kelly: Well they say it's because of texting, but maybe you're right.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Creed: You ever notice you can only ooze two things? Sexuality and pus. Man, I tell ya.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I always knew I would be destroyed by my own creation, but honestly I thought it would be that bull that Mose and I are trying to reanimate.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I like Donna. Is it wrong to keep seeing her? Depends on who you ask. I mean, if you ask her husband...or you took a random poll, yeah, it's wrong.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pam: Dwight is about to get so Pammed!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phyllis: I'm glad Michael's getting help. He has a lot of issues, and he's stupid.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Thank you, doctor. Take two of these [flips Toby off with both middle fingers] and call me in the morning.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Women cannot resist a man singing show tunes. It's so powerful, even a lot of men can't resist a man singing show tunes.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: All that singing got in the way of some perfectly good murders.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: This morning, Danny Cordray stole a sale from me. So what do I do? I go out and I steal Danny Cordray. The sale that mattered, I made. Boom. Funny thing about it, we don't even need him. We already have Packer on the road. Guh! Crap, I forgot about Packer...
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Darryl Philbin is the greatest guy in the world. And you know what I'd like? I would like to have all the racists brought together and take Darryl Philbin out to lunch. Just to see what they're missing.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: [looking up at the church ceiling] Why you always got to be so mean to me?
tv-office-us	family	quip	general	0	Michael: If you break that girl's heart, I will kill you. It's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: Yes, I have a dream, and it's not some MLK dream for equality. I want to own a decommissioned lighthouse. And I want to live at the top. And nobody knows I live there. And there's a button that I can press and launch that lighthouse into space.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Around here, Oscar is known as "Actually" because he will insert himself into just about any conversation to add facts or correct grammar. He really does fit that old stereotype of the smug gay Mexican.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Who's Holly, guys? Michael: That is a good question, Erin. How do you describe somebody who is at the same time an old friend, and was a lover, and was a complicated part of my past, and maybe - just maybe - a part of my future? Creed: She's one sassy black lady.
tv-office-us	society	observation	general	0	Andy: I don't have kids or anything, but if my grandmother ever dies, I'm going to kill myself.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: I have been trying to get on jury duty every single year since I was 18-years old. To get to sit in an air conditioned room, downtown, judging people while my lunch was paid for? That is the life!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After meeting Angela's boyfriend Robert] Oscar: Robert seems great. He's very handsome, firm handshake, he's gay, good sense of humor.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: In the end, the greatest snowball isn't a snowball at all: it's fear. Merry Christmas.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Holly is ruining Michael's life. He thinks she is so special and she's so not. Her personality is like a 3. Her sense of humor is a 2. Her ears are like a 7 and a 4. Add it all up and what do you get? 16. And he treats her like she's a perfect 40. It's nuts.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: You drive. I got a car full of fox meat.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Holly and I are like Romeo and Juliet, and the office is like the dragon that kept them apart.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: So tell me about your new girlfriend. Andy: She's neat. I met her at Darryl's cousin's party. We were the only two white people there. Erin: Aw, cute.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [as Michael Scarn] It's going to take a lot more than a bullet to the brain, lungs, heart, back and balls to kill Michael Scarn!
tv-office-us	life	quip	general	0	Kevin: I have very little patience for stupidity.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: Well this isn't my best, but call Froggy 101, say that we're the tour manager for Justin Bieber, and we're giving away free tickets. We give him a number to call for the tickets and it's his own number. Dwight: Who is Justice Beaver? Jim: ...He's a crime fighting beaver.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deangelo: Michael, the last time I was exposed to a peanut I was itchy for three days, OK? I had to take baths constantly. I missed the O.J. verdict. I had to read about it in the paper like an idiot.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deangelo: Uhhh, you sir! Are we having fun tonight? Jim: Having a great time. Deangelo: Oh good! Jim: Thanks, yeah. Deangelo: Where were you on September 11th? Michael: No! God!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Sorry we're late, we were waiting in line at the DMV Deangelo: Fall asleep right after sex...right guys? Jim: Nope, go back to the script
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: So this is my life. Until I win the lottery. Or Pam finally writes that series of young adult books. Pam: So one afternoon, while walking home from school, quirky 10th grader Becky Walters finds a wounded Pegasus in the woods. And she becomes...The Horse Flyer.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gabe: Shut up about the sun. SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stanley: I worked for the last boss for 15 years. According to my doctor, I don't have another 15 years if I want to keep up the same dietary and sexual lifestyle, which I intend to.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: When I was a salesman I could just be like "not my job, not my prob, I'm going to the warehouse to polish my knob!" ...Metaphorically, of course.
tv-office-us	life	quip	general	0	Robert: There's something about an underdog that really inspires the unexceptional.
tv-office-us	food	tv-quote	general	0	Darryl: I decided to stay home, eat a bunch of tacos in my basement. Now my basement smells like tacos. You can't air out a basement. And taco air is heavy. It settles at the lowest point.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: There's gotta be a better way to do this. This is literally how they built the pyramids. Dwight: Well, they whipped people, which was helpful.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: Schrute Farms is very easy to find. It's right in the middle of the root vegetable district. If the soil starts to get acidic, you've gone too far.
tv-office-us	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: JAMES, PAMELA, AND PEE PEE HALPERT!
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: [about Dwight] Every Halloween, I tell him the same thing: "You can't bring weapons into the office." And every year, he says the same thing: "As soon as I get my weapons back, I'm gonna kill you."
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: Pam, how would you rate me as a receptionist on a scale of 1 to 3? Pam: Um, two? Erin: That's like the second to last thing I wanted to hear.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: Do you know her last name yet? Gabe: Toby, I'm gonna tell you her last name tomorrow because she's gonna be screaming it tonight. Toby: She's going to be screaming her own last name?
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: You're the deuce I never want to drop!
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Toby: You know it's not just pregnant women who don't get their due. You know who's gorgeous? Helen Mirren.&#8232; Ryan: Yes! Have you seen her in a bikini? Amazing. Toby: You know what would be the hottest thing ever? It's a pregnant Helen Mirren.&#8232
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: I am a leader. But you can only inspire people so much in a place like this. So today I'm turning the inspire-factor up to ten with a little help from my friend America's bloodiest battle.
tv-office-us	society	tv-quote	general	0	Robert: The situation you described, returning home to a wife complaining about her paper being too masculine, is not one I'm familiar with. Stanley: Well, in the African American community... Robert: No.
tv-office-us	science	tv-quote	general	0	Host: Alright guys, time's up. Who was the relatively unknown patent clerk who discovered that energy equals mass times the speed of light squared? Looks like everyone gets a point for Albert Einstein. Oh wait, except for The Einsteins.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: I guess Andy isn't totally over his current girlfriend. But if he was jealous once before then maybe I can make him jealous again. Just not with Robert. He told me he was a ride I wouldn't survive...and I believe him.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Darryl: Seems like the better title I have, the stupider my job gets.
tv-office-us	love	tv-quote	general	0	Erin: The more I here about all this a capella drama, the more I think it's kind of pathetic. But when you're with someone, you put up with the stuff that makes you lose respect for them, and that is love.
tv-office-us	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Meredith: Who's the one that didn't bring lice into the office? Meredith. Sure, I gave everybody pinkeye once, and my ex keyed a few of their cars. And yeah, I BMed in the shredder on New Year's. But I didn't bring the lice in. That was all Pam.
tv-office-us	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dwight: I can't believe you came. Michael: That's what she said.
