tv-robotchicken	society	tv-quote	general	0	George Bush: My name is George W. Bush and I approve this message. [Cut to a picture of a taco] Tacos rule.
tv-robotchicken	life	quip	general	0	Girl: This is me, and this is Stalin. [draws love heart] We're married.
tv-robotchicken	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Speed Racer: [not making any movement] It's important that I do not move because if I were to move that would add to the cost, so if I stay perfectly still that will be preferable to moving because animation costs money, uh-huh.
tv-robotchicken	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Presidential Report Blooper starts] Reporter 1: This just in: CNN calls the state of Florida for Al Gore! That means Gore has won the Presidential Election. Thank you, Jesus! Reporter 2: Sure dodged that bullet. [Blooper ends] Bloopers Host: Oops.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	That's for years of humiliation, bitch! Charlie Brown: Meet the kite-eating tree, you ugly son of a bitch!
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alien 1: Dammit, dammit, dammit! Years of planning, ruined! Alien 2: How were we gonna take over the world with a white Michael Jackson, anyway? Alien 1: Dammit, dammit, dammit!
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Destro: Everyone just sort of lost interest. I think as you get older, ruling the world just seems like too much trouble. She-Ra: Am I done yet? Moore: You'll know, She-Ra, you'll know.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Papa Smurf and Brainy are in Vanity's house, investigating the latter's murder, in a parody of Seven.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Papa Smurf: One thing's for certain, Brainy. Vanity Smurf died the way he lived. Brainy: Bicurious?
tv-robotchicken	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Queen Beryl: Soon I will have your life force, Sailor Moon, and my plan to rule the earth will come to fruition! [Notices her erection.] Oh...anime sure is weird!
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Daphne: Gosh, Freddy, are we really going to go all the way? Fred: If one more person says something about my ascot, I'll - damn, it's fashionable!
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Freddy Kreuger: Fighting boredom is the hardest part of living in the Big Brother house. [Jason Voorhes playing charades, mimes TV, a robot, and a chicken] In case you were wondering, the answer was The Da Vinci Code.
tv-robotchicken	life	quip	general	0	Britney Spears: You can have my black cherry Justin. ..... ow, my butt!
tv-robotchicken	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Reindeers: [After seeing Goku and Gohan's Kamehameha, killing two reindeers, making like a path] Holy shit!!!! Composite Santa: [Composite Santa is vertically cut in half by the Kamehameha blast] Temperatures over 32 degrees farenheit... my only weakness! [Composite Santa dies]
tv-robotchicken	faith	joke	general	0	Jesus: Let he who is without sin cast the first stone. [everyone drops their stones, Jesus then hits the prisoner with his stone] Blammo!
tv-robotchicken	life	quip	general	0	Barney the Dinosaur: I love you. You love me. Girl: But I'm not in love with you.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Barney the Dinosaur: (now in a street at night standing next to a female smoker) I love you, you love me. Smoker: Either way, it's 50 bucks.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Voices: Braaains... braiiins... Man:Are you radioactive zombie mutants, or survivors, thanking the only thing that's kept you alive? Voices: [after a pause] Zombies. Man: Okay. Voices: Didn't feel right to lie to you.
tv-robotchicken	life	quip	general	0	E.T.'s Mom: He said he would phone me but he hasn't phoned. He knows how I worry.
tv-robotchicken	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Harry What are we going to do? Hermione: Let's ask Hagrid for help. Harry: Don't be ridiculous, Hermione. We need to confront the terrible horror ourselves and potentially end up hospitalized, like always.
tv-robotchicken	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Gene Okerlund: And Hitler takes a flaming chair to the spine in what will surely go down in history as one of Wrestlemania's greatest moments! Sergeant Schultz do you have any comment? Sergeant Schultz: I know NOTHING! Bomb-Diffusing Robot: This is some serious bullshit.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Wipe fade to Wilma Deering and Twikky having a conversation] Wilma: You really told all the aliens that Buck's name was Fuck? [chuckles] Twikky: Bidi-Bidi-Bidi, I was attempting human comedy.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Detective: Hey ar-are you Deepthroat? Rimjob: Hmm? Oh no I-I'm Rimjob, you want Level B2.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Snow Job: Hey guys, going on a mission? Can I come? Flint: Sorry Snow Job, this mission doesn't require ski's. Gung-Ho: Wearin' a blindingly white outfit in the middle of jungle warfare makes you a very shootable target, man! Snow Job: Bunch of G.I. Jerks!
tv-robotchicken	society	tv-quote	general	0	Calvin: Native Americans would be more plentiful if they hadn't traded their land for casinos! Hobbes: Well, cowboys never even existed! They're just a masculine image campaign purported by Marlboro! Calvin's Dad: I think something's wrong with our son.
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Santa Claus: [pulls over in his sleigh next to three girls] Ho, ho, ho!
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pound Puppies: If you don't buy us, we get killed!
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	News anchor: In tonight's news, you can find the words; night, tight, tits, tots, stew, whino, ghost, and the name Tony if you spell it with an i.
tv-robotchicken	science	tv-quote	general	0	Scientist: [announcing Pluto's downgrade from planet status] Also, A is no longer a vowel, north no longer a direction... and your sister, no longer A VIRGIN!!
tv-robotchicken	life	dark	general	0	Man 1': Hey, who packed my chute? Man 2: I did. Why? Don't you trust me? Man 1: Are you gonna jump, or are we just gonna jerk each other off? [Long pause. Cut to outside shot of the plane and the door slides shut]
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mario: You know, Donkey Kong, at $137 a barrel, this is a tremendous a-waste. (takes a barrel) I keep it a-now.
tv-robotchicken	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Singer: I wanna rock! [A rock is thrown at him]
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linus Van Pelt: I love geography day! I got Italy Lucy Van Pelt: I got Russia Charlie Brown: I got Iraq
tv-robotchicken	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joker: I hear you're a man can get things. Black Manta: Well, that depends. Joker: I need a large poster of Phyllis Diller. Black Manta: That may take time. Joker: Time's the one thing I've got. [long pause] Well, that and dementia.
tv-robotchicken	family	tv-quote	general	0	News Reporter: ...and to all you kids under 18 watching Robot Chicken, shame on your parents.
tv-robotchicken	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Matthew Senreich: [during the opening Saving Private Ryan parody war scene, as Seth Green is shot down] I'll tell your story! [Matthew Senreich is shot down] Daniel/Gyro-Robo: I'll tell Seth Green's story! Yours has less commercial appeal!
tv-robotchicken	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Dora the Explorer: [climbing Mt. Everest] I'm Dora the Explorer, and I fear this mountain may be my grave.
tv-robotchicken	love	tv-quote	general	0	Princess Leia: [in bed with Luke Skywalker] That was so wrong...
