tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Will: This is a strange resort, man. I mean, the wheelchair service is great, but that suite I rented, there was another person in it. And for some reason the bellhop gave me an enema. J.D.: Yeah, he's new here.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Tanner: Sweetie, I'm seventy-four years old, I'm ready to go. J.D.: Yeah, but with dialysis, you could live another... eighty or ninety years! Mrs. Tanner: I think you're being a little irrational. J.D.: No I'm not. Mrs. Tanner: Everybody dies sometime. J.D.: No they don't.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: What in the name of Are You There, God? It's Me, Margaret were you thinking?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Your ex-wife. She's the answer. Dr. Cox: Uhhh... Things that ruined my life. Things that took half my money? Things with sharp edges!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: So he has a cute butt. Everyone has a cute butt. I have a cute butt. Carla: You should bring it in sometime.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I want you to know, if I ever need surgery again, I want you inside of me. Turk: I wanna be the one inside of you.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Janitor: Your new nickname is Scooter. J.D.: Why? Janitor: It's short for scooter pie. [J.D. stares at him blankly.] I hate scooter pie. J.D.: Oh, now I see. [voiceover] Ya big jerk.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] Oh, God, his ex-wife. The tension actually hurts. You have to break it; say something, anything! [aloud] Banana hammock! Dr. Cox: I'm betting your ability to thrive under pressure is what drove you to medicine.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Alex: Does this big metal contraption make me look fat? J.D.: More chunky than fat.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] I've been thinking a lot lately about taking chances, and how it's really just about overcoming your fears. Because the truth is, every time you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, you're always glad you took it.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Okay, it's true, I have never said "I love you" to a woman before. Todd: Well, then, how do you get them to sleep with you?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [about to sleep with his girlfriend for the first time] Remember when the new Star Wars movie came out? It was all built up, and when people finally saw it, it wasn't that great in bed?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Janitor: Girl problems? J.D.: How'd you know? Janitor: Look like you got problems. You're a girl. Hence, girl problems.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [To Dr. Cox just entering the hospital] Dr. Cox, I was wondering... Dr. Cox: I'd say you're about a B-Cup. [looking at J.D.'s chest] Yeah. Janitor: At least they're real. J.D.: [voiceover] Yup, a great place to heal.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Okay, so you're having a little trouble asking out Kristen. There's no shame in it. Dr. Cox: Whoa there, Curly, I got no problem asking a woman out. Watch this. [to a passing woman] Wanna have a drink sometime? Woman: No. Dr. Cox: Good. [to Turk] See? I'm fine over here.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Hey Bambi, you know Mr. Simon made one of the night nurses cry? J.D.: Which one? Carla: Frank. J.D.: Frank used to be a Navy SEAL!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: He doesn't know that I cry sometimes because...I'm not sure there's a cat heaven.
tv-scrubs	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: The key to my exercise program is this one simple truth: I hate my body. You understand that the second you look in the mirror and you're happy with what you see, baby, you just lost the battle. Turk: You should give speeches to teenage girls.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Hey, do you know any women who hate themselves enough to actually date me?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: Sex is for two things: making babies and revenge.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Jordan has just witnessed Dr. Cox trashing J.D.] Jordan: Good job, D.J. J.D.: It's J.D.! You know, at least I remember the names of all my sexual partners! Jordan: Well, I'm sure that girl from high school and your bunkmate from Camp Morningwood are both extremely grateful.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Dr. Kelso, how can you make love to your wife if she's at fat camp? Dr. Kelso: The question is, how can I make love to her if she's not at fat camp?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: [Talking to patient] It's like being blind in one eye, except you'll be blind in both.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: Unfortunately, you've, uh, put us in somewhat of a legal bind. Kelso: Way to go, Ted. My God, man, you couldn't scare a child. Ted: Wh-who would want to?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: A patient's blaming me for losing his sense of smell. Ted: Oh my God, you cut off someone's nose?! Where is it? Do you have it on you? You're disgusting. J.D.: Ted, I don't have the nose. Maybe you should calm down - Ted: MAYBE YOU SHOULD CALM DOWN!!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: You don't want to get on Bambi's bad side, and suffer the wrath of Bambi!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Julie Keaton: Plomox is the most effective antiarrhythmic drug on the market right now, and it has minimal side effects - only nausea, impotence, and anal leakage. Dr. Cox: [smiling] I'm gettin' two out of three just from the conversation!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [to the Janitor after he asks him if he's been stealing pudding and toilet paper] I hate pudding, and I don't use toilet paper... [pauses] I have one of those French things that shoots water up your butt. Janitor: Bidet? J.D.: Bidet to you, sir.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Dr. Reid, this is not "Bring Your Problems To Work Day", this is just "Work Day".
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] And then she said something every man is dying to hear... Elliot : We can be sex buddies... J.D. : [hears fanfare] I mean... if you want.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Oh, and by the way, Barbie: if word were to get around that Uncle Cox was doling out the feel-goods... [grins] I'll make you pay. You have no idea. Huge.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: I'm dating a Murse! J.D.: Well it's better than dating a mecretary or a manicurist... oh wait, that works.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: I'm going home. Dr. Cox: No, no you're not- Jordan: Bye-bye! Dr. Cox: Jordan, your water just broke. Jordan: This kid's annoying me already.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Todd: Oh, Miss Pacman, I would sex that bow right off your head. Oh, eat those dots, you naughty girl!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: You are what you eat. And you clearly went out and devoured a big fat guy, didn't ya?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Moyer: These are my machines! Carla: Sir - Dr. Moyer: MY MACHINES! Turk: Whose machines? Dr. Moyer: MY MACHINES! J.D.: [to Turk] How was that helpful?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Oh, so you've never dreamed about your wedding day. J.D.: [drifts off] Priest: Do you, John Dorian, take Marcia Brady to be your wife? Maureen McCormick: My name is Maureen McCormick. J.D.: Marcia, please! Father, continue.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: [To Dr. Steadman] You're a doctor? Here, all this time I thought that you were some kind of parasitic creature that lived shoulder-deep inside Big Bob's colon. Dr. Steadman: [To Dr. Kelso] If only, sir.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Look, Dan. I want to apologize for everything I said. For what it's worth, I really like having you around. Dan: No, you don't. J.D.: I know. I have dreams where I staple your fingers to your face.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Do you...do you think that my son will like me? Carla: Oh, God no.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: [kisses Cox] Hurry home tonight so you can ignore your son and not do your share. Dr. Cox: [laughs weakly] You make me want to kill myself and everybody around me!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Carla, if your wedding ceremony's gonna be in Spanish, how will I know that you're officially married? Carla: [sarcastically] Cause all my cousins will throw tortillas in the air and fire their guns. Elliot: Really? God I wish I was ethnic.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Hey champ, what has two thumbs and doesn't give a crap? [points to self with thumbs] Bob Kelso. How ya doin'.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [to J.D., who is flaunting his new hair wax] Your hair smells like Elliot's. J.D.: Well, your breath smells like chimichangas! [storms off] Carla: [to Elliot] Was that racist? Elliot: Well, it depends. Did you have chimichangas for breakfast? Carla: ...Maybe.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kevin Casey: [to Ted] Hey Hair Club, that suit does it come with the flop sweat?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kevin Casey: If there is something you know you can do, whether it's intubating a patient, or copping a squat on the roof, and your mind keeps throwing up road blocks, just know you can drive right through them..."
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: Sir, I think I know how my problem concerns a loved one. Kelso: Go on. Ted: It concerns me...? Kelso: Swing and a miss.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Shower Shorts? J.D: For the man who has nothing to hide, but still wants to.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Laverne, what would you give me if I got this jellybean in your cleavage? Laverne: A concussion.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Christopher! Turk: Christopher? You only call me that when you're mad at me... or when we're having sex. Baby, are you mad when we're having sex? Carla: ...Sometimes.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Danni: Do you even enjoy spending time with me? J.D.: "Enjoy" is such a strong word. I... I'm used to it! Y'know, like cafeteria food, or the constant threat of terrorism.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Bob, I cannot believe you're going to turn this hospital into a money-making machine that coerces people into spending their hard-earned cash on expensive procedures they don't even need. Dr. Kelso: Why not? It sounds like something I'd do.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Carla, when I look in your eyes I see the future. I see kids. I see minivans. You name it, I see it. The weird thing is, as long as I see your smile, none of that stuff scares me.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D: (narrating: it came clear that i needed to discuss my problem with someone. [he opens a door and a man with a bare chest answers the door] Larry:Yeah? J.D: O.K not him.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: You just said you didn't care. Why are you fighting? Dr Cox: I can't stop
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: [Drunk] Dr. Turkleton! Turk: Actually sir, it's just Turk. Dr. Kelso: That's your first name. Turk: You think my name is Turk Turkleton? Dr. Kelso: [Carla walks up] And Mrs. Turkleton! The Turkletons! [chuckles; leaves to find bartender] Can I get another Scotch?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Newbie, do you want me to give my "things I don't care about" speech again? Because I've updated it to include all white guys who add -izzle to anything. J.D.: I agrizzle, my nizzle.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: So what do you think? Dr. Cox: Well, Bob, either this kid's got a light bulb up his butt, or his colon has a great idea.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D: [narration] ...That's why it's always nice when someone takes the time to reach out and befriend you. New Doctor: [Approaching from behind a wall] Hey! I'm Ron, I'm a new doctor here. J.D: Hey Ron, the "I don't care" ward's down there.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[J.D. has just regained his residents' respect] J.D.: Lonnie, slap your face! [Lonnie does so] J.D.: All of you, slap your faces! [All the residents slap their own faces] J.D.: Awesome.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The Janitor kicks J.D. out of his van into the desert] J.D.: What are you doing?! The Janitor: It's been four years! How do you not get how this works?! [The Janitor drives off leaving J.D.]
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Dr. Cox, I'd like to take this one. Dr. Cox: Go ahead. J.D.: [greeting a patient] Mr. Steel, first name, Man of. Dr. Cox: And you're done.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Oh, my God! I'm gagging and vomiting at the same time. I'm... I'm gavomiting!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox (to J.D.): Can I ask you a personal question? Just how long has it been since you swept the stuffed animals off of your bed, thrown your ankles up in the air and thanked whatever god you pray to that you didn't have on your granny panties?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Shore it up, people. Neena Broderick's in the building. Ted (yelling): WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE! J.D. (narrating): As tactless as it was to yell that in a room of very sick people, Ted had a point.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Shake this place up! And for God's sakes, get Murphy out of here! Carla: Don't worry, Doug, you're a good doctor. Doug: I know! (turns around and accidentally jolts Carla with the defibrilator paddles)
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Corman (to Neena): Your father's gonna be just fine. The place is top-notch! I practically live here! Neena: Are you a doctor? Mr. Corman: Massive hypochondriac. If you'll excuse me, I have to go harass a surgeon.
tv-scrubs	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Turk (on answering machine to J.D.): Dude! Mr. Corman is suing me! And that ice princess is his attorney! When did he get a chance to meet her?! What am I gonna do? Call Turk as soon as you get this!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: J.D., how could you do this to Turk? You guys are so close I occasionally have nightmares of you running away together! J.D.: Where do we go? Turk: One time we went to Aspen. J.D.: Oh, I hope it was summer. I'm not that big a skier.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk (to J.D.): I want you to stop seeing her. J.D.: Fine. But I'm only ending it because friends come first. Carla: Plus, you already had sex with her. J.D.: 4 and a half times!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Christopher Duncan Turk, you tell him how you really feel, just like you told me last night, or I will do it for you. (imitates Turk) "Baby! Why does he hurt me so bad?"
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D. (narrating): No matter how much we like to pretend otherwise, strong confident women will always have the power over us. Whether they're fighting for respect, fighting for their man, or even just fighting for the hell of it. Strong women make all guys feel the same way.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murry: [to his father] ...If you need a kidney you can have mine... for $70,000. Dr. Cox: I love this moment so much, I want to have sex with it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Hey I just wanted to take a second to thank you, For constantly berating me doubting my abilities and the overall devastation of my self-esteem. Dr. Cox: My pleasure.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Marks (to J.D.): Hey, I bought you a present. J.D.: Oh, my God, a journal! Mr. Marks: Well, you seem like the kind of sensitive young buck that likes to chronicle his feelings. J.D. (narrating): I can't wait to chronicle this one!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D. (narrating): Make the flesh and blood argument again, but in a different way. J.D.: Blood and flesh, Murray. Murray: I'll do it. J.D. (narrating): Jackpot!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Okay, so I tried to get some x-rays back from the lab tech by making a kissy face, and he asked me if I had palsy! Jordan: Elliot, if you want to get ahead, you have to use what God gave ya! Carla: Or in your case, what Dr. Fineberg gave you. Jordan: Exactly!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Oh, I'll just be a sec. Dave, can I get an orange soda? I'm so hot and thirsty. Dave: It's on me. (gives Elliot the orange soda) Interviewer: I'd like an orange soda too. Dave: Oh, I'm sorry, that was the last one. How sad.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox (to Mr. Marks about J.D.): Boy, tell me about it. You know, I got this kid who constantly ignores my advice, and then flashes me the sad doe eyes every time I call him a girl's name or scream in his face. Mr. Marks: Do you wanna sing about him? Dr. Cox: No. Not ever.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D. (to Murray): Sometimes Dr. Cox is all over me, like every second of my life. Murray: Why do you keep talking about your boss like he's your father? J.D.: Remember? Recently deceased dad? Murray: Massive heart attack! J.D. : Yes! I mean, yes.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Elliot, wait! Elliot, you did your flirty manipulation thing in front of that guy in there, and now, well, he kinda thinks you're this despicable floozy ho excuse for a doctor!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Yeah, I'm not that great with kids. They've got such tiny hands. It's creepy.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Elliot, if you need any help, just ask Dr. Diagnosis. You can be my sidekick! Bangs McCoy!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: [as a leprechaun] Top o' the mizzle to ya, me nizzles!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kylie: I'm getting my Masters in Political Science. J.D.: I love politics, ask me anything. [narration] What are you doing? You don't know anything about politics. You're screwed unless she asks about Bush or the bald assistant president who has all those heart attacks.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Turk is sitting on a counter, waiting for Carla and holding her purse.] Dr. Kelso: What in the hell are you doing? Turk: I get to have sex! Dr. Kelso: I hate this place.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Danni: Hey, grouchy pants! Do you wanna hang out? Dr. Cox: Does "hang out" mean choke you?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: [After defeating Carla in arm wrestling] DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET, CARLA?! DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU MESS WITH THE WARRIOR?!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Jordan, your only skill is illegal in 26 states. Jordan: It's 27. Arkansas buckled.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [frantic] Turk! If you can't remember to put the cap on the toothpaste how are we going to raise our children? You know what? I'm going to stay with my sister!
tv-scrubs	arts	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Why can't Carla just let this go? Elliot: Wouldn't you be mad if you caught your husband talking to his ex-girlfriend? J.D.: Yeah... but mostly because I had a husband.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Perry, you just go right ahead and say what you want, cause Dr. Bob Kelso is back in action and he hasn't missed a step. Now, where do we keep the sick people?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Kelso: Nothing in this world, that's worth having comes easy
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Check out what I found when I was takin' out the trash! [Shown wearing a top hat] J.D.: That is the most ridiculous hat I have ever seen. [voiceover] And I must have it!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: How is it that no man understands that every woman, whether she's sixteen or sixty, still has that awkward, insecure, self-conscious teenage girl inside of her?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jake: [to J.D., about Elliot] That girl's kinda cute, what's her story? J.D.: She's a dude. Jake: Yeah, huh. J.D.: Gotta look at the Adam's apple, buddy.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Look, Elliot, I've got my own problems. I don't have time to deal with your little sex pickle. Dr. Kelso: [passing by in his Rascal motor-chair] Really? She spent two years dealing with yours. J.D.: I hate that thing!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Listen, if you're having trouble finding a vein for an IV, please don't page me. If you're desperate, we're lucky: this is a city hospital, there are plenty of heroin addicts who are quite adept at this.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Jason, when you're filling out a female patient's exam report, her breasts can be "healthy" or "unhealthy," but never "bangin' double-Ds."
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: [To Dr.Cox] Get off my back. I'm not in the mood. [He hefts Turk over his shoulder and carries him out to Carla, who's sitting at a bar.] J.D: Say that again. Turk: Get off my back. I'm not in the mood. J.D: That's what she said! [points to Carla] Zoom ZOOM zoom!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: J.D., you have to get out! This place is tiny and I'm sick of seeing your man-panties hanging all over the bathroom. J.D.: They're called boxers, Carla. Carla: They're satin, J.D. J.D.: With a breathable cotton crotch panel. [voiceover] King me!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Carla, at 6:41 tomorrow evening, I turn thirty. I have to find one thing on this list I can do by then. Dr. Cox: Maybe you could swing by our parts department and pick up a pair of testes. J.D.: Haven't you used that joke, like, a trillion times? Dr. Cox: I'm okay with it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[J.D.'s hand is moving involuntarily after being pummeled during a game of "jiggly ball"] J.D.: I think there's something wrong with my spine, because I'm not doing that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: I can get mad, Turk, if you give me a little help. Turk: If you had no hair, you'd look like Danny Devito. Carla: Oh Turk, a little help.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [to the Janitor] I want you to be in the staff picture. [Janitor picks up and hugs a clearly terrified Carla] Carla: I thought you were going to kill me. Janitor: I fought the urge.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Why aren't you freaking out? Look at him - your kid's, like, all green and slimy. Dr. Cox: I suppose it's because when Jordan was pregnant, I mentally prepared myself for her giving birth to something green and slimy.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: Did you hear the lottery's up to $100,000,000? If I win, it's going to be separate beds for me and my mom! Carla: And you could spend the other $99,999,000 on therapy.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Morning, Elliot. By the way, Julie's here, but I'm not gonna kiss and tell. Elliot: Oh, really, 'cause I just got your text. That said "Bone City." J.D.: [acting surprised] Oh, really. That came through?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [narrating] And now his boyfriend will comfort him. J.D: Don't listen to her Brown Bear, your body's fierce. Turk: Is it? J.D: Like Taye Diggs. Turk: [to Carla] Taye. Diggs.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: J.D., I don't want to do this! Can't we just go home and put our PJ's on and watch Grey's Anatomy? J.D.: Oh, I do love that show. It's like they've been watching our lives, and then just put it on TV!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: He seems strangely impervious to my threats. That annoys me.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: And Gandheroo, I need you to talk to a young, pregnant black girl who will not let me call her mom. Turk: Why would she listen to me? Dr. Cox: I may have told her that you were Kanye West. Turk: I'm actually alright with that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Mr. Barry, I misplaced your chart, I forgot, what's wrong with you again? [looks at Mr. Barry] Oh, that's right, you have a kitty cat stuck in your mouth. Or should I say you have a person stuck around you, little guy. Goochie goochie.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jordan: [to Elliot] Don't tell anyone I'm nice.
tv-scrubs	life	joke	general	0	Janitor: Knock knock. Who's there? Nurse Mophead. Nurse Mophead who? You have a mophead.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jill Tracy: I know he wasn't here yesterday. But I thought maybe he got the day wrong and he'd be here today with roses. Is that sad? J.D.: It's not not sad.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Now Dr. Cox needs our help getting through this. Jordan can watch him in the morning and at night, but she's got Jack, plus... she's not that emotionally available. Jordan: [cheerfully] I'm dead inside!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Barbie why did you order this test? For the love of God, are you a real doctor or a doctor like Dr. Pepper is a doctor? Hmmm?
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Remember when I first started dating Turk and I wanted to bail on him because he cried at the end of sex? Turk: [alarmed] Baby! J.D.: [to Turk] Relax, Brown Bear, there's no shame in cry-maxing.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kim: Hey, dudes. J.D.: Don't "hey, dudes" us! You know what really bothers me? Kim: Non-threatening colloquial greetings?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Okay, guess what flavor baby food this is. Keith: Cab driver feet?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Patient: I was so obsessed with getting my J.D. that I never did the things I really wanted to do. Start a family. See the world. Janitor: Punch a whale. Patient: Nah, I punched a whale. Right in the face. Down he went, like Liston.
tv-scrubs	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Jesus figurine: No abortions! J.D.: What if the parents are both drug addicts who'd neglect and abuse the child? Jesus figurine: Oh, in that case it would be OK. J.D.: Really? Jesus figurine: NO abortions! How are you not getting this?!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] The only thing worse than not knowing why a patient is crashing, is being offered help by the hospital's grief counselor, Dr. Hedrick. Dr. Hedrick: Need help, old friend? J.D.: Oh yeah, her kidneys are failing, give her a pep talk, stat!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Keith is dressed in a one-piece wrestling outfit] J.D.: Hey, nice singlet! Does it come in hetero?
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: I haven't sung since the sixth grade talent show when I sang Pat Benatar's "Hell Is For Children". Then at the end, Mr. Shaman the emcee said "No, hell is for everyone who heard you sing that song." My mom was so mad at him that she slept with him and ruined his marriage.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [singing] You're the only man who's ever been inside of me! Turk: [to Mrs. Miller] Whoa, whoa, I just took out his appendix.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pvt. Dancer: Even though no one ever comes, every time I hit this nurse's button, I feel a bit better. Dr. Kelso: That's morphine. Pvt. Dancer: That explains it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: You've been wrong so many times that I'm not even going to say something is wrong anymore. I'm going to say that it's "Dorian".
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: You have to help J.D. Dr. Cox: Any other day, I'd just say no, but today, I'm gonna go ahead and say... no.
tv-scrubs	arts	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] Suddenly, all of our memories of the last six years came flooding back, like a clip show in some sitcom too lazy to come up with a fresh story.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: I mean, what the hell? If I wanted my patients to be more depressed I'd just have them read Newbie's latest blog entry. J.D.: "Why being really lonely is sometimes super awesome."
tv-scrubs	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Elliot: Oh, and FYI, I happen to like the voiceovers on Grey's Anatomy. Except for when they are really vague and generic. J.D.: [voiceover] And so in the end I knew what Elliot said about the way things were had forever changed the way we all thought about them.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: [About Heather] I'd let her give me a bath. I don't care if my mom was watching.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: I am not telling anyone that my daughter has been born. J.D..: But you just told Jordan that you're gonna... Dr Cox: Yes, and that's what we call a lie, or, when you're married, communication.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Melody: Of course, we could make out. [J.D. looks at her, surprised] Melody: Yeah, I know it's a little bit trampy but, what the hell, so am I.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Does heart trouble run in your family? Patient: My uncle was shot in the heart.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Todd: Hey, guys. I hear there's a Steel Magnolia in room 309 that needs a little pruning. Turk: Todd, she's 68 and has syphilis. The Todd: The Todd accepts all applicants, regardless of age or disability.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Keith has just proposed to Elliot] J.D.: [voiceover] As I looked at all the relationships around me... Some that had gone on forever... some that were reigniting... and some that had just begun... I realized something: It should have been me.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[J.D. has just found out Kim did not miscarry their child] J.D.: Were you ever planning on telling me? Kim: Yes, but I didn't know what to say. J.D.: How about: "J.D., I think there might be something living inside my uterus."
tv-scrubs	food	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Before Izzy was born, if I saw a half-eaten meatball sub in the trash you better believe I would dust that bad boy off and go to town on it! But now, I'm not risking my health eating trash-food. I mean, unless it's a corn dog. Dr. Cox: Thank God you've procreated.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: I've seen the Wiggles live in concert... twice. Turk: Did they perform "Big Red Car"? Dr. Cox: They opened and closed the show with it. It was awesome.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I can't believe I almost messed things up with Kim. What is wrong with me? Dr. Cox: [walking by] You are an annoying, whiny man-child. J.D.: That question wasn't directed at you! Dr. Cox: What question?
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: My kid's not even born yet and I'm already screwing up his life. I just want him to be really happy and normal, you know. Dr. Cox: First of all, Newbie, we're talking about your kid, so the whole normal part was never gonna happen.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Kelso is consoling his son over the phone] Dr. Kelso: Of course you had to break up with him. No one you love should ever sell your car without asking and then blow the money on meth.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [looking in awe at a baby] I'm a dad! Turk: That's not your kid. J.D.: I know, but he reminds me of Sam. Turk: That's a girl. J.D.: Stop ruining it! Why do you have to ruin things? I was having a moment, here!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: I'm going to say something to you that's been said to me by every person I've ever loved: I'm really disappointed in you. You are pathetic and weak and I don't love you any more, GET OUT!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [In janitor's uniform] It's like the ammonia is seeping into my brain and making me violent and angry and hateful! Janitor: Yep, that's how it starts. J.D.: [Angrily, to Boone] What the hell are you looking at? Janitor: Nice!
tv-scrubs	life	quip	general	0	Ted: Chicks, huh. They're all soft and cuddly but you never get to be with one.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Turk and Dr. Cox talking about rateyourdoc.org] Turk: There's no way I'm losing to J.D. There must be some way we can take him down. Dr. Cox: I thought he was your best friend. Turk: Winning is more important than friendship. My gram-gram taught me that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr Cox: So, Gandhi, what did your wife think of her terrible present? Turk: I haven't told her yet. I mean, I was going to, but her not knowing I understand Spanish is like having a secret power. It got me flapjacks for dinner. Dr Kelso: You got brinner? DAAAAAMN, Turkledawg!
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	[Turk and Carla are talking in Spanish about J.D. and Elliot] Turk: Like them. I bet you that in two weeks they will be back together. Carla: Do you think so? Some people are not going to like that.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The ladies' room is being cleaned; Elliot decides to use the men's room] Elliot: [reading off the bathroom stall's wall] "Rate Dr. Reid's butt?"... Yes! 9.2! Thank God this hospital's full of white guys. . . . Kelso: Don't be too pleased with that 9.2. That's out of 100.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: [seeing Turk and J.D. hug] I need one of those. J.D.: A hug? Ted: No, a black friend. I think it would make me much cooler. Turk: I should be offended, but he's right.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: Janitor, are you familiar with the term "delusions of grandeur"? Janitor: I believe I coined that term.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I'm doing this thing where I take a slice of someone else's wisdom and use it in my own life. Jordan: Seems coincidental. J.D.: And yet I do it almost every week.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: [as the Knight] My name is Percival Cox. You're killing my friend. Prepare to die.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: [narrating] And the princess and the idiot decided that their kiss didn't mean anything. [JD as The Village Idiot and Elliot as The Princess shake hands] Because in the end... they were both idiots.
tv-scrubs	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Denise: You know, it's ironic that cancer starts with "can", because at this stage there's nothing we can do about it.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Maddox: Hey, how come all you have in here is a smiley face button and a revolver? Ted: Well, one's in case I get sad, and the other one in case I get really sad... Dr. Maddox: [uncomfortable] Well... see you tomorrow. Ted: We'll see...
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [voiceover] Finally, Ted said what we were all thinking. Ted: [to Kelso] Why are you spending your retirement in the place you used to work? It's so sad. By comparison, it almost makes my life seem... [pause] Aw! Still sad!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: You're a much stronger person than you used to be. I've changed, too... I have a beard now. Elliot: How about you? Do you still let that voice in your head control you? J.D: [voiceover] This is getting too serious! Kick her! Kick her in the head! [out loud] Not so much.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I grew up on the street... No, not the hood. Sesame Street.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Dude, have you been having fantasies about Muppets all day too? Turk: No, I'm straight. J.D.: That's just un-called for.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: I'm not what you would call a winner. Oh sure, I'm a lawyer. But that's only because I took the test in Alaska and they only have four laws, most of which are about when you can, or cannot, kill... seals.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Death doesn't really bother me unless it's someone I know. And even then, if it happens in a funny way, like my cousin who, honest to God, was flattened by a steamroller... I still sort of enjoy it.
tv-scrubs	love	tv-quote	general	0	Carla: [to Turk] If we do hook up tonight, for once, you won't be the only one thinking about J.D.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: Then we saw where the Todd got it from. His old professor was the best high-fiver in the world. [Professor high-fives Todd and the earth shakes] J.D.: Then we'd all have sex to celebrate surviving.
tv-scrubs	family	tv-quote	general	0	Sean: We hit a bit of a speed bump when I found out Sam was your son. Kim: Yeah, he got drunk and asked me to sell him on the black market.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: I guess it's because we all want to believe that what we do is important, that people hang on our every word, that they care what we think. But the truth is, you should consider yourself lucky if you even occasionally get to make someone, anyone, feel a little better.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	J.D.: [After fantasizing about the future] And who's to say this isn't what happens? Who can tell me that my fantasies won't come true? Just this once...
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: [After smelling the air] Kiwi! Denise: What? Lucy: I smell kiwi. Denise: Yeah, it's my shampoo. I love kiwis, so what? Lucy: Me too! Not really, they're hairy, they look like... monkey nuts. Denise: Don't smell people; it's weird.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucy: I thought being a doctor was about helping people. J.D.: It is, Lucy. Well, that and showing up my third grade teacher, who said I'd never amount to anything. Eat it, Mrs. Nickerson! [voiceover] And rest in peace.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Cox: Okay class, with the exception of number one here, today's assignment is to drop out of medical school. Your parents' money would be better spent stuffed into garbage bags and shot into the sun.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bouncer: Are you on the list? J.D.: Yes, under "John Dorian", or "Dr. Dorian". Or maybe "Doctor Dizzle" or "J. Dizzle". Bouncer: There's a "J. Dizzle" here. Man: I'm John Dizzle! J.D.: Dammit!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Drew: So, did he buy the newsletter rankings nonsense? Dr. Cox: Like an elderly shut-in talking to a telemarketer. Drew: Outstanding.
tv-scrubs	society	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: The OR room is a safe place. No one's going to yell "Recognize!" at you. Can I ask you a question? Why do white people ruin everything? I only got to say "fo shizzle" for a week. A week!
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cole: What did Drew say about me rejoining the study group? Lucy: He said no. Cole: Really? Did you remind him I'm one-eighteenth American Indian? Lucy: Are you? Cole: I don't know, but I always tell people that. It makes the white man feel guilty.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Turk: Somebody's parked in my spot! Dr. Kelso: Boo-hoo, it takes me 11 minutes to pee.
tv-scrubs	life	tv-quote	general	0	Denise: Stop acting weird. I'm trying to eat lunch in front of a bunch of corpses.
