tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The place is here, the time is now, and the journey into the shadows that we're about to watch could be our journey.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Up there, up there in the vastness of space, in the void that is sky, up there is an enemy known as isolation. It sits there in the stars waiting, waiting with the patience of eons, forever waiting... in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Henry Fate, dealer in utensils and pots and pans, liniments and potions. A fanciful little man in a black frock coat who can help a man climbing out of a pit - or another man from falling into one. Because, you see, fate can work that way in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henry Bemis: And the very best thing, the very, VERY best thing of all, is that there's time now. There's all the time I need, all the time I want. Time, time, time. (sighs) There's time enough, at last!
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: They say a dream takes only a second or so, and yet in that second a man can live a lifetime. He can suffer and die, and who's to say which is the greater reality: the one we know or the one in dreams, between heaven, the sky, the earth in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Renard: Why does it have to stop? Pedott: Because the things you need most, I can't supply. Renard: What are they? Pedott: Serenity, peace of mind, humor, the ability to laugh at one's self. Those are things you need the most, but it's beyond my power to give them to you.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Renard: C'mon old man, tell me - are these what I need? Pedott: I didn't say they were. But I'll tell you something - they happen to be what I need.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Behind a tiny ship heading into space is a doomed planet on the verge of suicide. Ahead lies a place called Earth, the third planet from the sun. And for William Sturka and the men and women with him, it's the eve of the beginning in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Practical joke perpetrated by Mother Nature and a combination of improbable events. Practical joke wearing the trappings of nightmare, of terror, of desperation. Small human drama played out in...the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Nan Adams, age twenty-seven. She was driving to California, to Los Angeles. She didn't make it. There was a detour through the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Obscure metaphysical explanation to cover a phenomenon, reasons dredged out of the shadows to explain away that which cannot be explained. Call it parallel planes or just insanity. Whatever it is, you find it in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Last stop on a long journey, as yet another human being returns to the vast nothingness that is the beginning and into the dust that is always the end.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Species of animal brought back alive. Interesting similarity in physical characteristics to human beings in head, trunk, arms, legs, hands, feet. Very tiny undeveloped brain; comes from primitive planet named Earth. Samuel Conrad has found the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A scared, angry little man who never got a break. Now he has everything he's ever wanted and he's going to have to live with it for eternity in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Miss Helen Foley, who has lived in night and who will wake up to morning. Miss Helen Foley, who took a dark spot from the tapestry of her life and rubbed it clean, then stepped back a few paces and got a good look at the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Joey Crown, who makes music, and who discovered something about life; that it can be rich and rewarding and full of beauty, just like the music he played, if a person would only pause to look and to listen. Joey Crown, who got his clue in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Marsha White in her normal and natural state...But it makes you wonder, doesn't it? Just how normal are we? Just who are the people we nod our hellos to as we pass on the street? A rather good question to ask, particularly in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Leaving Mr. Gregory West, still shy, quiet, very happy - and apparently in complete control of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	David Ellington: Honest men make unconvincing liars!
tv-twilightzone	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Ancient folk saying: 'You can catch the Devil, but you can't hold him long.' Ask Brother Jerome. Ask David Ellington. They know, and they'll go on knowing to the end of their days and beyond--in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: One time in a million, a coin will land on its edge, but all it takes to knock it over is a vagrant breeze, a vibration or a slight blow. Hector B. Poole, a human coin, on edge for a brief time in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Around and around she goes, and where she stops nobody knows. All Ed Lindsay knows is that he desperately wanted a second chase and he finally got it, through a strange and wonderful time machine called a radio...in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Some people possess talent, others are possessed by it. When that happens, the talent becomes a curse. Jimbo Cobb knew, right from the beginning. But before Ace Larsen learned that simple truth, he had to take a short trip through the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Christian Horn, one of the hardy breed of men who headed west during a time when there were no concrete highways or the solace of civilization. Mr. Christian Horn, family and party, heading west, after a brief detour through the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The last of four Rip Van Winkles who all died precisely the way they lived, chasing an idol across the sand to wind up bleached dry in the hot sun as so much desert flotsam, worthless as the gold bullion they built a shrine to. Tonight's lesson...in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: This has been a love story about two lonely people who found each other in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Incident on a dirt road during the month of April, the year 1865. As we've already pointed out, it's a road that won't be found on a map, but it's one of many that lead in and out of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jesse: [seeing the dead Fats Brown] It's impossible! Fats: Nothing's impossible. Some things are less likely than others, that's all.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Final comment: you take this with a grain of salt or a shovelful of earth, as shadow or substance, we leave it up to you. And for any further research check under 'G' for ghosts in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: The poles of fear, the extremes of how the Earth might conceivably be doomed. Minor exercise in the care and feeding of a nightmare, respectfully submitted by all the thermometer-watchers in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Some superstitions, kept alive by the long night of ignorance, have their own special power. You'll hear of it through a jungle grapevine in a remote corner of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Mulligan, a rather dour critic of his times, is shortly to discover the import of that old phrase, "Out of the frying pan, into the fire," said fire burning brightly at all times in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harold Beldon: Mother, give me your hand. You see. No shock. No engulfment. No tearing asunder. What you feared would come like an explosion is like a whisper. What you thought was the end is the beginning.
tv-twilightzone	faith	wisdom	general	0	Radin: Tell me, Reverend, is life so stinking cheap that you can throw it down a drain? Reverend: Life is very dear, Mr. Radin, infinitely valuable. But, there are other things that come even higher. Honor is one of them, perhaps the most expensive of them all.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: There's an old saying that goes, 'If the shoe fits, wear it.' But be careful. If you happen to find a pair of size nine black-and-gray loafers, made to order in the old country, be very careful--you might walk right into the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Travellers to unknown regions would be well-advised to take along the family dog. He could just save you from entering the wrong gate. At least, it happened that way once--in a mountainous area of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Sunnyvale Rest, a home for the aged, a dying place, and a common children's game called kick the can that will shortly become a refuge for a man who knows he will die in this world if he doesn't escape into the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A man who went searching for concealed persons. And found himself, in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Time, the mid-twenties. Place, the Midwest, the southernmost section of the Midwest. We were just witnessing a funeral, a funeral that didn't come off exactly as planned, due to a slight fallout from the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	society	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Jeff and Comfort are still alive today, and their only son is a United States Senator. He's noted as an uncommonly shrewd politician, and some believe he must have gotten his education in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pat: Mr. Chambers! Don't get on that ship! The rest of the book, To Serve Man, it's... it's a cookbook!
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris: What is it? Bill: The opening. Ruth: To what? Bill: I think... to another dimension.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Craig: [Showing Fletcher the statue of him] The little people did that. They did it overnight. Fletcher: What do you give them in return, Craig? Craig: I won't tramp my feet down... on their town.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Mr. Somerset Frisby, who might have profited by reading an Aesop fable about a boy who cried wolf. Tonight's tall tale from the timberlands--of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	love	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: From Kahil Gibran's The Prophet: 'Love gives not but itself and takes not from itself, love possesses not nor would it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.' Not a lesson, just a reminder, from all the sentimentalists in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Madiero, Mexico, the present. The subject: fear. The cure: a little more faith. An Rx off a shelf--in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Willie: You made me what I am today. I hope you're satisfied...like the song, by the same name...
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: They make a fairly convincing pitch here, It doesn't seem possible, though, to find a woman who might be ten times better than mother in order to seem half as good--except, of course, in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: A fable? Most assurdly. But who's to say at some distant moment...?
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Professor Ellis Fowler, a gentle, bookish guide to the young, who is about to discover that life still has certain surprises, and that the Rock Springs School for Boys lies on a direct path to another institution, commonly referred to as the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Professor Ellis Fowler, teacher, who discovered rather belatedly something of his own value. A very small scholastic lesson, from the campus of the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Small naval engagement, the month of April, 1963. Not to be found in any historical annals. Look for this one file under 'H' for haunting--in the Twilight Zone.
tv-twilightzone	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Smith: Well, for the sake of argument, let's say I'm something of a connoisseur, and you have a very choice soul, and as the vintners say, it's a good year.
tv-twilightzone	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Exit the infernal machine, and with it his satanic majesty, Lucifer Prince of Darkness, otherwise known as Mr. Smith. He's gone, but not for good, that wouldn't be like him. He's gone for bad. And he might be back, with another ticket to the Twilight Zone.
