tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Ma Venture didn't raise no fools! Dean: W-we don't have a mom, Hank. (long, awkward pause) Dean: Last one to the hanger's a rotten banana! Hank: You're a rotten banana!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: You see, just like the flawless monarch butterfly from which I take my name, The Monarch has many ways to sting. Cabbie: (weakly) Monarchs... don't sting...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	(Senzuri has just been discovered next to the Ooh ray) General: He wasn't trying to steal it, he was masturbating like a teenager with a fast internet connection. Hank: (puzzled) Mastur... what? Dean: (equally puzzled) Like an evil master plan?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the gilded lily, twenty for the Roman holiday, fifty for the old Walrus 'n' Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can sleigh ride down Kilimanjaro.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Guevara: I am sorry, Señor Venture. Dr. Venture: Doctor. Dr. Guevara: Sí? Dr. Venture: No, 'Doctor Venture'. What's Mexican for 'doctor'? Dr. Guevara: Doctor.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Guevara: I realize I am a Tijuana doctor, but even we have scruples. I could lose my license to practice...Mexican medicine.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Hank and Dean: Dad! Dean: We knew you wouldn't let us down. Hank: And just in the nick of time too - Monarch was gettin' all 'creepy uncle' on us.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: (trying to pick a lock) Double dammit! Dean: Hank, you said the double-d word!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (after being attacked by a frightening green creature) What the hell was that? Brock: Chupacabra. They're all over Mexico.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: How long can you live if you're not hooked up to him? Dr. Venture: Oh, I dunno...a couple of hours? But they'd be awfully uncomf-- (Brock yanks out the tubes connecting Doc to H.E.L.P.eR.) GAH!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Hank: This place is tits!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Well, sure. H.E.L.P.eR. looks like a dried-out turd on a bad stretch of road.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: You get the boys. I'll take care of these guys. Dr. Venture: Are you sure? There's an awful lot of them. Brock: (left eye twitching) They hit me with a truck.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[after his henchmen have kidnapped the Venture boys and brought them back to the lair] The Monarch: But see, that's what I'm talking about! Now Venture'll send Samson after the rest of us, and he'll go totally sickhouse on our asses. I LIKE my ass, gentlemen.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: [After waking up in a tub of ice with a note explaining that his kidneys are gone] "Oh! Not again! Wait a minute...One..." [Checks his other side] "Two... oh...This is serious."
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Oh sweet mercy, tell me these suits have a collection pouch.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Col. Manstrong: Sharky's Machine!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: Off! Dean: It's on! Hank: It's off! Dean: It's on! Hank: Off! Dean: It's on! Dr. Venture: That's called 'blinking', boys... Hank: "Now it's just regular on."
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(after being rescued from being in space without a spacesuit) Brock: Gonna...go...lay down...for a...second...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Oh yeah, the pain. It's not so bad. I hacked up some blood a couple of minutes ago and there was this pink chunk about the size of, uh... one of those little kiwifruit, but I don't feel anything missing, so I'm not too worried.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank and Dean: Phantom Space Man!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: I hate Phantom Space Man!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lt. Baldavich: I don't have to take this! Col. Manstrong: That's because you already took it ... in the lap. From ... not me!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	When Brock goes on sabbatical, two of Dr. Venture's enemies clash over who gets the honor of killing him. Brock: Bionic, huh? Let's see how bionic. (he kicks Summers in the testicles) Steve Summers: (in agony) Ooof... right in my Cape Canaverals!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: But Pop, you're bleeding! Dr. Venture: Uh? Oh, this. Uh, no, it's fairly common for some men to lactate involuntarily in situations of extreme stress. Hank: (pointing to Dean's wet pajama bottoms) Dean's lactating too!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Right now, G.U.A.R.D.O. doesn't know you or me from a squad of Snake People hopped up on PCP.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: H.E.L.P.eR.'s done it. Hank and Dean: Go Team H.E.L.P.eR.!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Yeah, but did you get the first aid kit? Dr. Venture: I don't need first aid, Hank, I need you to stop choking me and hitting me with fire extinguishers.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Venture and I have been engaged in a deadly game of cat and also-cat for years!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Soldier 1: Who was that? Soldier 2: Brock fucking Samson! Soldier 1: No way! Dibs on his cigarette butt!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: What are you, on the rag? Dr. Venture: (exasperated) It's impossible for me to be on the rag, I'm a ... I can't believe I'm even arguing about this with you! What men's room did you pick up that kind of trash talk in? (the boys point at Brock, who shrugs)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: I- that's it! The deal is off! I don't care if you are rich, I don't have to take this crap from a gimp!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: I spy a... um... (shuffling through cards) huh. I don't have a card for that one. Hank: If you don't knock it off with the wildlife cards already, you're going to be spying my foot up your wow-hole, Dean. Seriously.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Brock? Thank God! His freakin' panda's trained to put me in a bag!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Ooohh! Ah ha ha, now I see. You know, it took me a minute, but I just got it. Brisby: Got it? So you'll come aboard? Dr. Venture: Oh, no no no. What I just got is that you're like a total jacked up freaky-deaky crazy pants!
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	general	0	Molotov Cocktease: You KILLED my FATHER! Brock Samson: After you killed my partner. Molotov: You took my EYE! Brock: After you took...my heart. (They pause, awkwardly, and kiss)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: You don't want to shoot me, boys. You know me. You know what I'll do to you if you do.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: By the crimson shame of Lord Valisinta, I command you...OPENNNNNNNNNN!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Dean that's great and I can't wait to hear all about it, only Brock's stuck inside Dad's thing that makes people happy. But it's all evil. Dean: I dare you to make less sense. Hank: I was on the floor and I heard everything! And I have a plan!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Heeey, if I pull this candle down, will it...? Dr. Orpheus: ...get wax on my carpet? Yes.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Is your name Pumpkin? Triana: No, it's Triana. Doesn't your dad have a nickname for you? Dean: Well, I've heard him call me 'Dave' or 'Don' a few times, but I don't think they're nicknames.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Triana: Who's that big guy who's always washing his car in front of your place? Dean: Oh, that's Brock. He's my dad's bodyguard. One time I saw him kill a guy with a sock full of party snaps! Triana: (facetiously) Did the guy's head get blown off? Dean: (proudly) Yes it did.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: (in typically melodramatic tones) Evil has struck the House of Venture! The air reeks of an ill wind! Yea, though I have smelt it, that hath dealt it!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Nice rescue, boys. You saved me from the only woman I've ever loved... with a hat that smells like a men's room... and we're still here.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (outside the bathroom with robe and towel) Dean, what the hell are you doing in there? I need to take a shower! Dean: I'm practicing being a boyfriend, Pop! Dr. Venture: (sidling away, horrified) Uh, never mind, Dean.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture, Sr.: Ground control to Major Tom, your circuit's dead! Connection down! Can you hear me Major Tom? Can you hear me? MAJOR TOM!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(as Brock beats up the fake ghost pirate) Pirate 1: Oh crap, he's getting his ass kicked, let's go save him! Pirate 2: You crazy? My sword's made of cardboard.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pirate Captain: Hey is that guy dead? Brock: Yeah, probably.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pirate Captain: You're not a very good liar, Dean, are ya? Dean: Maybe...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Brock, if pirates really exist, I mean, Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy could even be real, right? It's like, all bets are off! Brock: Hank, nobody ever said pirates don't exist. Hank: So you agree with me that this is impossible.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Hank, if there was ever a time in your life I needed you not to be Hank, it's now. Hank: Uh, sorry, Brock.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Focus, Hank! Whatever you do, don't light a cigarette. A good sniper can see a hot cherry for miles. Hank: Brock, I don't smoke! Brock: Good. Now's a lousy time to start.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jeanie: Tom, it's your wife, sweety. You're dead now - it's time to go.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Ventures has just encountered the ghost of Major Tom] Dr. Venture: [shivering under a blanket] His eyes! Crazy eyes! Accusing me! [a pirate hands him a warm drink] Dr. Venture: Who are you?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pirate Captain: (having mistaken Brock for Dr. Venture) Your dad has a bodyguard? Why would he need a bodyguard? The guy's a tank.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Do you have a pen? Hank: To use as a magic wand? Dr. Orpheus: To use...as a pen, Hank.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (recording an entry in his journal) Oh yeah, I lost my locator, and yes, I realize the irony of that.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Cancel the mission abort command! Re-bort, do you copy?!
tv-venturebros	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture begins a new job working for his former professor, while Brock encounters an old friend who has a deadly warning. Pete White: It's like wearing nothing at all. Like a second skin. Dr. Venture: Ummm, you've got a little something brown on your nose.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Brock, I think I figured out why the plane crashed: There were skeletons driving it! (points to the charred remains of the pilots)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Cool! I'm not going to explode anymore. And plus - free invisible mom. Hank and Dean: Go Team Venture!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Richard Impossible: There's a reason Ned's boots have velcro instead of laces, honey.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Brock: (examining Race) Race Bannon... those bastards killed him! Hank: Those kids? Damnit! We let 'em go!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(to the boys' disgust, Race Bannon's corpse defecates itself) Brock: Yeah... they never show that part on TV.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (stranded in the Arctic) If this is about what I saw, I won't tell anyone! Prof. Impossible: (stretches himself to the flying car and flies off) I know!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dr. Venture: (after being stranded in the Arctic by Prof. Impossible) ...I CHEATED ON MY DAMN MID-TERMS!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(his jumpsuit having fallen apart, Dr. Venture is wandering naked through the snow) Dr. Venture: Oh, great, Venture! Thousands of square miles of empty arctic wasteland and you somehow manage to step in the one spot of yellow snow!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture:Crap, who am I kidding? My looks are going down the toilet faster than an unwanted pregnancy on prom night.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: So, I guess this is goodbye. I will remember these last few days with you as the happiest of my life. Well except for the caterpillar part, I mean.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Hear that? I'm in charge. And I think it's just about little Hanky's bed time. Hank: Oh, take a bow. [Hits him in the crotch] Dean: Yahtzee!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bartender: [To Brock] You got it, ape-drape. [Brock growls] A bud for captain mullet head. [Brock begins to draw his knife]
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bartender: [as Brock leaves] Leavin' us so soon, hockey hair? [Brock represses a scream because he isn't allowed to kill him]
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Agent Tester: This test will, uh, test your proficiency with firearms, you'll have two min- Brock: Uh uh. No guns. I don't use guns. Agent Tester: The nine millimeter Glock is standard issue to all agents in the field. You're required- Brock: Guns are for sissies.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: So I said, "Listen, my Dad invented UNIVAC, so I think I would know!" Well, that uppity little T.A. didn't give me any more trouble the rest of the semester. Dr. Girlfriend: [forces a laugh] You dog, you.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: [hands Brock a tiny lunchbox] I packed a lunch for you. Bologna and cheese. And I cut the crusts off the way I like. Dean: And I downloaded a bunch of crib notes into your communicator watch. You get stuck on one of the hard questions, just look it up.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: [He eyes a glass of raw eggs that Hank has given him] Did you spit in this? Hank: Don't eyeball me, Samson! Drink it!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank and Dean are wearing girlie exercise outfits] Hank: Come on Brock, you need strong cardio-vascular agility training! Brock: [pause] No.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: You don't need a license for operation "Get Me Some".
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Tell him you're going out with the girls tonight or something, I don't care! Dr. Girlfriend: He's not buying it. The Monarch: Ooo, I know! Tell him you think it's moving too fast.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(a stripper performs for Brock and Dr. Venture) Dr. Venture: She's looking at me, what do I do? Brock: Give her five bucks. (Venture clumsily puts the bill into the stripper's thong but fumbles for change)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Don't worry, Brock. You'll be able to kill guys again in no time!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Oh, you're back! You didn't miss much. Oh, one of them [the strippers] was dressed like a cheerleader and said she was 19, but she had a Caesarean scar and her face had more lines on it than a mirror at Studio 54.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Grandpa. How dare they! I'm only 43. I'm still a young man. Maybe a little frayed around the edges, but who wouldn't be between my work and raising two boys?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bartender: Hey, if it isn't Frankenmullet. What can I do you for? [Brock slaps his new liscense to kill on the bar. The bartender turns, looks at it, and Brock launches over the bar at him]
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Dr. Girlfriend, would you come over here with me for a moment. Dr. Girlfriend: (oblivious to the situation) Oh I guess the muscular one is alright, but the boy is just going too far. Can't we just use the puppet again?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean:Hank! I had my pubes shaved. I'm gonna put them under my pillow for the tooth fairy! Hank: Did the doctor see that creepy dog dork of yours? Dr. Venture: Hank, don't brag to your brother about your circumcision.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	#24: Boss, there's a monster down here! #21: I think it was two ninjas taped together to make one giant ninja! #24: I saw it climb the wall, it was a giant spider!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Hank. Hank! I am your real father! Hank: No way. No way, that's not true! The Monarch: Psyche!! Ha, sucker! You were all (mimicking) "Oh daddy, you're my daddy!" You are so gullible! What is that like?!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Why haven't you tried the world domination thing? You scared of the big leagues? The Monarch: Please, how stupid do I look to you? World Domination. I'll leave that to the religious nuts and the Republicans, thank you.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. One: (indicating Brock to the rest of the team) This is Agent Samson. You will know him and refer him only as Team Leader. His whim is your command. If he tells you to put on a dress and dance... I'd better see those moneymakers shakin! Am I understood?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: (needing to go to the bathroom) Oooh, wow. That hoagie went right threw me.I need to make a desposit at the bank, so to speak.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	The Monarch: (after using the Venture household restroom) Honestly, what kind of jackass leaves every door unlocked? I'm not going to flush. Let them see the wrath of the Monarch!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture and Brock are kidnapped while attending a funeral, and the boys turn to the original Team Venture for help. Dr. Venture: Why is it every time I need to get somewhere, we get waylaid by jackassery?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Is my tie on straight? Brock: Yeah. Can't really miss with a clip-on.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Col. Gentleman: Careful Lad. Those hands of his are strong enough to crush a boulder. Yet delicate enough to crush a butterfly.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: (grabbing Action Man's hands and concentrating for a moment) Two years, seventeen days. Action Man: What? Dr. Orpheus: From a stroke. GOOD DAY!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Col. Gentleman: Despite his racial handicap, Kano here is a crackerjack pilot. Why, he could land her on a puffin... or a smurf!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete White: Oh for Pete's -- for my sake!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Action Man farts) College Student: (after a brief pause) Dude, you beefed.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Oh, come on! You're gonna kill me because I had fake sex on graph paper with a girl who barely spoke to you in real life?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch is finally on trial, though it may be for a crime that he didn't actually commit. Statue of Olee Jemeema: Oooooh! My arm came off! I can't believe that happened!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: While you were wasting your time castrating a priceless antique, I was systematically feeding babies.... to hungry mutated puppies!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Saliva is nature's glue. Hank: And raisins are nature's candy!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: If I knew you could just call the cops on him, I would have done it years ago! Because I'm no sissy, no sir. I would just pick up that phone and... "Officer, there's a man in a butterfly suit shooting my robot with a laser beam."
tv-venturebros	society	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: The police keep out of the way of the Guild for the most part. Who do you think supplied them with new cruisers last year? Dr. Venture: My tax dollars, for one. Dean: Santa Claus, for two.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Hug me! The Monarch: Fine. Whatever gets you off, man. Just don't go for the reach-around, because The Monarch doesn't swing that way.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	The Monarch: (drunkenly addressing a big, muscular cop in a tight uniform) Look, Officer Poncherello... the second in command just left me. So why don't you put your fat Tom of Finland ass back on your big gay bike and go home?? This is none of your beeswax!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Pumpkin, get me my cloak! Triana Orpheus: Why don't you wear the ... Dr. Orpheus: Alright fine. GET ME MY BLUE WINDBREAKER!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Waitress: What can I get you? Dr. Orpheus: Well, you see, I made this purchase of a homeboy from your vending machine.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Consider this your final warning. You do not know the risk you are taking. For a whisper from my lips could open your mind to a world of arcane tortures!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: What else do you want? Do you want Dean? You could have Dean. He could carry you on his back, like Master Blaster.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Waitress: What'll it be, sugar? Dr. Orpheus: Your flask of sugar appears to be filled. But your concern is noted; now please, stand to the side.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: That's a Home Boy. But be careful, that houses the souls of TWO FOULMOUTHED REDNECKS!!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(after the boys have been shot to death) Dr. Venture: All right... get their clothes.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor: Sorry sir, medical personnel only beyond this point. Brock: I go where he goes. Doctor: Oh... you must be his "partner" then? Brock: Not really, it's more like I work for him...WAIT A MINUTE - NO!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: What would I do without you, Brock? Brock: (nonchalantly) You'd be dead.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 2[edit] Life goes on after the tragic deaths of Hank and Dean in this Season Two opener. Meanwhile, the Monarch deals with life "inside."
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Young Hector: This Aztec calendar says today is your lucky day!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Swifty: (Mumbling) I used to be pretty. Yeah but not no more, look at my nose...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: But I am, by trade, a necromancer! You know what that means, right? Brock: Uhh, you have sex with dead people? Dr. Orpheus: phile! Necrophile! A necroMANCER can bring the dead TO LIFE!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dr. Orpheus: (on whether he actually saw the boys) Saw them!? I made them a fucking MILKSHAKE!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: (asked to put the immature clones back into their "incubators") I hate touching them, they feel like giant Stretch Armstrongs.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Look, if you have a clumsy child, you make him wear a helmet. If you have death-prone children, you keep a few clones of them in your lab.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus (talking to Triana about raising the dead): Stop crying, pumpkin. I've done this hundreds of times. David Blaine,Evel Knievel, both daddy's clients. As was Ronald Reagan, until he bounced a check.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: [To Half-Formed Corpse] Hank! You are never to call your father a crumb-bum in front of company!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: No shower for Byron Orpheus!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: (to Triana) Now don't touch any of this. You could accidentally make the cat huge...or something.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Who is your grief counselor? Mother Teresa? How can you be so nonchalant about this? My stupid talismans and I have made movie monsters from your sons!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Et tu, King Gorilla?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Orpheus is standing in a ring of candles with a shovel] Triana: ...What're you doing? Dr. Orpheus: I like digging. Can't a man leave his home with a shovel without an inquisition?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: I look like Santa's magic janitor.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Don't say it. Hank: You look like the Mayor of Candy Land.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	The Monarch: SHIT! Mall cops! Henchmen, retreat!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	#21: Awesome! We are BACK, dude! #24: You heard him. I'll pick you up in five. Be outside. I don't want to have to talk to your mom. #21: Oh, I will BE there!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	#21: Henchman 28! Front and center! #28: You want me, you roll your big ass over here. And I done told you, my name is Number One!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: There's just so many buttons... so... so many buttons!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb(Speaking to Brock Sampson): I have removed the bullet. And three others, a blowgun dart, two shark's teeth, a tip of a bayonet, a twisted paperclip, and a meager handful of buckshot. You may want to learn how to duck.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: Let's go! Brock: I thought for sure you were gonna hit me with "lock and load." Phantom Limb: The night is still young!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Hey, that killer hand thing is pretty cool. Can you get me one of those? Phantom Limb: That's all me! The outcome of a botched experiment that made me evil. Brock: I so called that!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: Well met! You did that with his own finger? Brock: Eh, it's just one guy. Phantom Limb: You showoff!
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: What am I supposed to do with these, tell their fortunes? #21: They are Magic: The Gathering cards, not Tarot cards. You can toss them at their heads. Well, you catch a corner with one of those and they'll know what hit them.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: Oh yes, apart from 'Behold-the-Giant-Walking-Death-Ray' speech, the 'Welcome-To-Hell' speech is my favorite.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: You told me you never put a tracer on another man!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: [To Dr. Girlfriend] He's only a man...and no man is immune to your charms. Brock: Pfff...'No man'. I'm still looking for the scars on her. [The Limb shoots him with a Tranquiliser Dart] Phantom Limb: [Defensively] What? I'm a supervillain.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Hank: Who are all these people? Dean: Are they all mommy's other boyfriends? Dr. Girlfriend: Stop calling me your fucking mommy!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hank waves to Molotov) Hank: Hi! I'm Hank! (Molotov exhales her cigarette smoke in his face)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Why is my brother dressed like that? Molotov: I didn't ask. I thought you two liked to dress like idiots. Dean: Hey!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: ...and Hank, I don't know what his deal is, it's like he's actually enjoying this. Kim: The Scooby-Doo kid? Where'd he go? Dean: He's swimming laps... uh oh. (Hank is unconscious at the bottom of the pool)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Father... Dr. Venture: Yes, Hank? Hank: I want to kill you... Dr. Venture: That's nice. Play pirate somewhere else, boy. Your father's busy. Molotov: Hank, nyet! Hank: Molotov... I want to... oh baby!!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Master: Orpheus, you are my best and brightest pupil, even if you do taste a little salty. You're ready, Orpheus. Now get the hell out of this closet and go win that incredibly gay contest! Go! Go!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Goggle Guard 1: I have more bullets you know. You gotta stop doing that. Goggle Guard 2: I know, it just looks so cool... Goggle Guard 1: Well go get it! Goggle Guard 2: Fine.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Osiris Priest: Give me the Hand of Osiris! Dr. Venture: Give me head. Osiris Priest: You didn't just say that! Dr. Venture: I absolutely did. What are you gonna do about it? Osiris Priest: (confused) I'm... about to kill your sons. Dr. Venture: Join the club!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Hank! Get off those spikes. It's not a ride. Hank: Awwww.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: I gotta admit I always wanted to get Edgar Allan Poe in a headlock. That thing is like a pumpkin!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: (answering phone) Dr. Orpheus, master of mysticism. Dr. Venture: Uh...Orpheus, it's your landlord. We're trapped in a cliché. Use your fake impossible magic to get us out of here.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Master Billy Quizboy: (questioning why anyone would want to break into their trailer) It's industrial espionage, you've come to steal our great ideas. You've been foiled; we have none!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete White: I vote Billy! Dr. Venture: Seconded. Alright virgin, get on the target!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Well at least you hit this time. Anything happen? Pete White: Nah. Nothin'. I told you the phosphates were too old. Master Billy Quizboy: No... It worked. You shrank my lungs!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain: Jesus Jones! (pause) Ah, now there was a band.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (waking up from a bizarre dream) Oh, I thought I was done with those crappy dreams. Grand Galactic Inquisitor: That was a weird one. Venture: Great, you can read my mind. Grand Galactic Inquisitor: IGNORE ME! (pause) Yes, I can.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: (upon entering Colonel Horace Gentleman's private chambers) Are you t'home?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jonny Quest: Are you cops?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grand Galactic Inquisitor: Someone left a baby! (after a pause, he reluctantly picks up Rocket) Rocket: (babbles) Grand Galactic Inquisitor: IGNORE ME!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Impossible: Please! This is important! Sally Impossible: What could be more important than your family, Richard? Prof. Impossible: (baffled by the question) Sssssss-science?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Impossible: (as Brock bolts his cheek to a wall) Of all the intolerable bugaboos!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Grand Galactic Inquisitor: (exiting a taxi) Good news, sample subjects of Earth! The glorious moment of judgment is upon you! Taxi driver: Hey! It's eight-twenty on the meter, stretch! Grand Galactic Inquisitor: IGNORE ME!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Jonas Venture": Oh, Rusty. You were never alone. Those stars... well, okay, you can't see them right now because we're in the city, but those stars, they're always watching us.
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	general	0	Sea Captain: (Upon watching Jonas Venture Jr and Mrs. Impossible meeting) Hoo-ah, you can almost hear the old humpbacks a-callin'.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Phantom Limb: Oh fuck... great, I think I killed him.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: We might not win this one. You get to the panic room! Dr. Venture: Okay. Just let me finish peeing on myself...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (weak from blood loss) If you don't come save me, I'm going to fire you Brock. Brock: (over the radio) You gotta try to hold on, Doc! I'll be back soon! Dr. Venture: Brock... You're fired...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: (sighing) Steak fries... always soggy.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Brock jumps through the bathroom window) Dean: Naked!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(After a dramatic pause, Brock and Phantom Limb shake hands) Brock: Ha ha ha, for a minute there I thought you were gonna do your killer hand thing. Phantom Limb: So did I.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kim: I'm gonna be a supervillain. Hank: Yeah, I'm gonna be Batman! Venture Bros.: Go Team Venture! (They do hand signal in the air) Triana Orpheus: Dude, I warned you. Kim: I think I just found my first archenemies.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (about Billy's hand) How'd that happen anyway? Master Billy Quizboy: That's an excellent question. I have no idea.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Ventures crash land in Ünderland. Baron Ünderbheit captures them, obsessed with taking revenge on Dr. Venture, but mistakes Dean for a woman. Brock, Hank, and Dr. Venture are meanwhile rescued by Catclops and Girl Hitler's underground resistance group.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Ow! Dean: What's the matter? Hank: My tongue keeps getting caught in the mouth slit. Dean: Don't stick it in the slit then. Hank: I can't help it! It's maddening.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Manservant: He's here, your graciousness! Baron Ünderbheit: Who? Manservant: Dr. Venture, your... Baron Ünderbheit: Say it again and it will be your last... time... saying his name.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Baron Ünderbheit: Ooh, my sweet little Rusty, how many years have I longed for this moment? How many years has it been since... COLLEGE!?!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Baron Ünderbheit: Say hello to goodbye, Dr. Venture!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	{The X-1 is going down) Hank Venture: (in the fetal position)I'm the bat I'm the bat I'm the bat I'm the bat...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Lock down auxiliary power! Brock: Gotta make it to the border!! Dr. Venture: Chewie, lock down auxiliary power!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The X-1 is crash landing) Dr. Venture: Minefield, minefield! Brock: I SEE IT!! Dean Venture: Everybody into the black box! It's indestructible!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Brock Samson has just handed Doctor Venture a tooth containing arsenic) Brock: Don't take all of it. Doctor Venture: Or else what? I'll accidentally overdose on poison?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hank scouts around the corner and sees several Underland Guardsman. He silently gives Brock a complex series of commando-style code gestures) Brock: You have no idea what that means, do you? Hank: Sure I do! Brock:You're just having fun with your hands, aren't you? Hank: No...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(a block from the pantry wall falls and a resistance agent peeks out) Resistance: (gasps) Who are you? Hank: The Wallflower! So we meet again!! Brock: Nah, nah, the Wallflower had that thing on his head... Dr. Venture: Lamest. Villain. Ever.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Resistance: You haven't come to rescue us? Then why did you bring the Bat person? And Chewbacca Wookie?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: I'm not a woman! I'm a boy science adventurer, like my father before me! (drops robes)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Catclops: You mess with the cat, you get the clops! Girl Hitler: Yeah, und you mess with the girl, you get the Hitler! Catclops: Marry me.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Baron Ünderbheit: Catclops? So you survived? Wait a minute, the cat hairs in my water! (lunges at Catclops) OF COURSE!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Baron Ünderbheit: Is that what you think? Oh that is rich, I will have to tell Manservant that one. And he will have to laugh.
tv-venturebros	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dean:Wow, a girl president! How progressive! Hank: And a Hitler! Boy, things are really looking up!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank (To Dean, while lying on the floor, bleeding) I cut my tongue on my mask.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	#24: Boooooo!! #21: Ah! Dude, I was about to kill you! I have dangerous cat-like reflexes. #24: Oh yeah, you were terrifying when you crapped your pants.
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: (reading Triana's message in the bathroom mirror) "I'm in the Torrid Zone. Call my feather". We need to find her feather!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: I'm in the bathroom and you gotta get in here! It smells like... like gun powdered-throw up-poo poo eggs!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Triana: Ooohhh, Hank! What is wrong with you? Dean: Right? It smells like a bible story in here. Triana: Did my grandpa teach you to crap?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Oh, but which door to choose? That one can have fun, surprises, and a year's supply of Turtle Wax behind it.... (the prostitute opens the door, and a polar bear pounces on her) ... or the polar bear from Lost!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: (to the prostitute) I don't blame you for desiring me...the Monarch is DELICIOUS!!!
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (trying to explain the birds and the bees to Dean) I'm going to explain to you what most boys your age (pauses) have known for like five years already.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: (watching the guild candidates attack the walking robotic eye) Well, I'm gonna go out there and get some of that action. Dr. Venture: Uhh... Don't you wanna change? Brock: No way. I love wearing a tux when I kill guys. Makes you feel kinda like James Bond.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Order of the Triad: (Dr. Orpheus, Jefferson Twilight, and the Alchemist do their "thing") Order of the Triad... Go! Dr. Venture: Get out of my kitchen.
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	nsfw	1	#24: I can't believe that whore stole my Stanza. #21: I can't believe that whore made it through the lake of acid.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Alright Dean,I,er...need to talk about a few things with you. Dean: Hank did it.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Do not drink the chocolate milk!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brock has just had an unfortunate run-in with Hauser, a member of the Secret Service] Doctor Venture: Friend of yours? Brock: We were in 'Nam together. Doctor Venture: Oh. Wait, you were like 10 during Vietnam. Brock: Well, I didn't say during the war.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor Venture: Hey, Bud! Or is it Budley? Budward? What's Bud short for? Bud Manstrong: Nothing. It's just Bud.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Dude, what is your damage? Dean: I saw something! I think this place is... haunted! Hank: Aw, you're just being superstitious. Dean: I am not! Just extra-stitious.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hauser is about to shoot the portable forcefield generator to shut it off] Doctor Venture: I wouldn't do that. They're nuclear batteries. President Breyer: Nuke-a-lar? Doctor Venture: Well, that's not actually a word, but yes.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lincoln's Ghost: Venture Brothers! Dean: (screams) Lincoln's Ghost: You must help me! Colonel Manstrong is going to assassinate the president! Dean: Hank! Wake up! It's the ghost of Abraham Lincoln! Hank: (waking up) Who?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hauser: (to Brock) Nice one. Everything you touch turns to suck. It's official.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor Venture: Oh, no, they called my brother? Could this be any more embarrassing? (mockingly to Dr. Venture, Jr. through the forcefield) Yeah, all right, hi! I see you! Go to hell!
tv-venturebros	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lincoln's Ghost: Oh, FDR. He was a real president. I loved to watch him sleep. Weight of the world on his little polio shoulders. The depression. World War II. He slept like a baby. Now that is a clear conscience. This Breyer guy, though, he's the worst president I've ever seen!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lincoln's Ghost: My Lincoln sense is tingling! Manstrong's making his move!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lincoln's Ghost: (diving at Manstrong) Here comes the Rail-Splitter!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lincoln's Ghost: (after getting shot in the head by Mrs. Manstrong) AHHH! DAMMIT!! NOT AGAIN!!! WHY IN THE HEAD???
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Doctor Venture: (seeing replay of crashing Gargantua-1) I knew it! Told you this clown was no hero. He just blacked out in the middle of a hand job. Lincoln's Ghost: Uh oh.... Someone's playing with his Lincoln Log!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bud Manstrong: MY GOD IT'S FULL OF STARS!! (passes out) Lincoln's Ghost: Penny for his thoughts.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: I must consort a higher power!! Wait here while I go to my daughter's closet.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: It stopped! It seems interested in this automobile. Tell me, is it associated with some recent sin of yours? Dr. Venture: Pfft. I wish. I can't remember the last time I got lucky in that car. Unless you count the dollar I found under the seat.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	#24: Oh, that's right! Come on in! Don't knock or anything. After all, I only live in a cocoon with 80 guys and no women. So there's NO chance I'd be masturbating...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Myra Brandish: Oh, you're up! You can relax. The nightmare's finally over! Hank: Um... no it isn't.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Myra Brandish: [Dives across the room, grabs a shotgun] Hush-a-bye!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Hank awakens tied up on a dirty old mattress inside an abandoned motel room.] Hank: Well isn't this new and different!
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	#21: You can silence me but there will be others. Semper Fidelis Tyrannosaurus! Dr. Killinger: It's Sic Semper Tyrannis. You said, "Ever faithful terrible lizard." #21: I did? Cool.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Girlfriend: Well, I hope you're as good at fighting as you are at talking. #21: Hell no, look at me! You're the weapons expert. [Watches her defeat the Black Guard effortlessly.]
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Orpheus is trying to check out of a motel in his usual attire, and meets the catsuited owner, Myra Brandish] Dr. Orpheus: Isn't it a bit early for a costume party? Myra Brandish: Why, are you throwing one, Dracula?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: What the hell is she doing here?! Dr. Killinger: This woman has come to rescue you. The Monarch: From what?! Dr. Killinger: From loneliness, you silly billy.
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Killinger: Compromise, my friend, is the essence of diplomacy, and diplomacy is the cornerstone of love. [Singin] Sweeeeeet looooove.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: [To Brock] Ah, but we two souls have shared a cheese sandwich more than twice!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: [with dramatic flourish] Who is Hector Molina?! And why do they keep sending me his Junk Mail?!? Ted: Head's up, kids! Think we may have stumbled unto a Dracula factory!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ted: (after seeing Venturestein) Correction! Dracula-Frankenstein factory!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Don Rio is a transcendent multidimensional genius, Brock. His every word an onion of infinite leaf! His every Pearl - [Vomits into a bucket] - Oh. Yes. This is coming on now.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Hey, you know what? I think I... I feel a little bad about killing that guy. Dr. Orpheus: [Brock's POV, he is shimmering wildly as Brock begins to hallucinate] Yeees, my friend, a splendid first step indee- [vomits again]
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ted: C'mon, Sonny. Mystery. Sonny: Fuck your mystery, man...I...I'm sick! Ted: [holds up a prescription bottle] Sonny... bet you'll come out for some Groovy Treats. [Sonny scrambles out of the Mystery Van and falls in the mud, to the amusement of the gang]
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: Why do we have to eat breakfast with your dead guy? Dr. Venture: Venturestein's been through a lot, Dean. Hank: Venturestein! Dr. Venture: You like that? Hank: Sure do, Pop! Dr. Venture: Good boy, Hank. Dean, right now Hank is better than you.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: It's bad, Doc, real bad. The boys saw their own clones. Think they're in some kind of... saw your own clone...coma.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dr. Venture: More power! I must have more power! Look Brock, his fingers! They're twitching! Brock: Yeah, well, a stiff will do that if you shove a gigavolt up its ass. Dr. Venture:: No, he's alive! ALIVE I tell you! Brock: Uh, sure Doc.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[POV opens eyes] Brock: Holy shit.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Groovy the Bloodhound: Painted lips!... School-girl outfits!... And zer pretty hair, Sonny... zer hair needs to be punished, Sonny... Sonny: Would ya give it a rest, Grooves? Groovy the Bloodhound: Start doing zer Master's bidding! Yer already filthy wiz wrath and sin!
tv-venturebros	society	tv-quote	general	0	[Looking at a globe] Hank: Where the heck did they put African America?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Upon discovering the room filled with slug clones of the Venture Brothers] Ted: You're not ghosts! You're the fucking Boys from Brazil!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: [Referring to Venturestein] Is that man dead? Dr. Venture: Uh, no. Dr. Orpheus: Once again Mr. Venture you cut decency to the quick and leave her to die in prostitute ally! Venturestein: Prostituuuutes!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Val: The few remaining men will exist as studs, breeding in the cow pasture. Or they could go off to the nearest suicide center where they'll be quietly gassed to death. Ted: Come on, guys! [Val gropes Patty's breasts] Patty: Val, don't.
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (To Dr. Girlfriend, flirtateously morose) I brought you something blue.... me....
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: Revenge, like gazpacho soup, is a dish best served cold, precise, and merciless. The Monarch: Yeah, yeah, you can never have enough precision in your soup...
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	edgy	1	Phantom Limb: Go! Her shit's by the door in a box marked 'hers'.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Alchemist: I'm here! And I've got some fancy beer and some chips guaranteed to be... extreme! Dr. Orpheus: (Amazed) How is that possible...? The Alchemist: I don't know, by putting a lightning bolt on the bag.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Alchemist: But being a magic super hero that keeps chasing the same guy? It's completely gay. That is coming from a guy that voluntarily has sex with men!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Alchemist: And then, like that wasn't enough, I ended up with a raging case of crotch cricket. And did I get an apology? Hell no! I got a, "eh, I'll call you." (sighs) Still waiting for that chestnut.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Phantom Limb's helicopters descend on The Cocoon seconds before the priest declares The Monarch and Dr. Girlfriend man and wife) Phantom Limb on Video screen: Monarch, this is the Phantom Limb. You are surrounded. The Monarch: OH! DICK MOVE!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: (Faking Russian accent) Hello-ski, I am, how you say...Russian-guy-o-vich!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	#24: Brock Samson, slayer of men. Slayer of hench men.
tv-venturebros	life	quip	general	0	As Phantom Limb makes his stunning power play, only Brock can rally The Monarch's forces to mount a defense. The fate of almost everyone in the Venture universe hangs in the balance as The Sovereign reveals his true identity and guys and stuff explode all over the place.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henry Killinger: I wish you both very much luck in your life together...what's left of it.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: Monarch! What say you? Monarch: I say what kind of loser can't get the hint that he's been dumped? Phantom Limb: So it's okay for you to kidnap her, but when I do it I'm a loser!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(The Cocoon is being attacked) Brock: Hank! Hank: I'm cool! Brock: Okay. Try not to die! Go find your brother, we're leaving.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(As the Guild choppers begin the attack on the Cocoon) Cocoon Navigator Engines online! The Monarch: BOOK!!!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Hank watches the fight between Phantom Limb and David Bowie) Hank: Whoa, check it! That's, like, Dracula versus Yoda in there!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Girlfriend: I'm fine! I was pinned under... I think it's Phantom Limb's leg... The Monarch: Give it here! I want to kick his smug, limey face in with it.. (Monarch notices David Bowie moving into earshot as he said "limey") ....oh.....
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	David Bowie: Well, gotta run, luv! (kisses Doctor Girlfriend) Villainous coup to squash; Strangers to execute; you know how it is! Congratulations both of you! (shape changes into an eagle) Ta!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(David Bowie transforms into an eagle and flies away.) Brock: Doc, you're OK. Doctor Venture: I swallowed a gold filling during the crash, so we have to hook up the metal detector to the toilet again. What did we miss? Hank: The guy from Labyrinth turned into a bird!
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	#21: So The Sovereign recorded Station to Station?! #24: And ChangesOne? I love that album! #21: Could you be a bigger poseur? ChangesOne was a "best of"!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Monarch Henchman: Come on! Come on! I wanna go with you guys! The Monarch: Fuck off! It only seats Two! Two!
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Klaus Nomi: Did ve win? Iggy Pop: Kinda. Get the girl. A bonus. Free smokes, man. [Klaus drags Dr. Girlfriend away by her hair going pass the Monarch's henchman] Iggy Pop: Don't bother stamping your feet. We don't do encores.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Manotaur: What, is this some kind of revenge hit? I'm retired from archvillainy! Phantom Limb: No-one retires from Phantom Limb's shit-list!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Henry Killinger: I am Doctor Henry Killinger and this...is my resume.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Orpheus is trying to read Dr. Killinger's mind] Dr. Henry Killinger: Your powers are useless on me, you silly billy.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (somberly) Brock... am I a bad person? Brock: Doc, what the hell just hap... Dr. Venture: Am I, Brock? Brock: (pauses, then rocks his hand in a "kind of" gesture) Ehhhh......
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After his weapon mis-fires] The Alchemist: I swear, this has NEVER happened before...
tv-venturebros	work-money	tv-quote	edgy	1	Master Billy Quizboy: [reading] "Notice of hostile takeover"? Venture - what a dick! Wait, we're not even a publicly traded company. Pete White: Oh, FYI, I issued some shares back when we needed cash for the Nintendo Wii.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Henry Killinger: You will never be able to reach your full potential until you first confront your deep-seated fear of success. Now get into the bag. Dr. Venture: What's in it? Dr. Henry Killinger: Only what you take with you.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy Quizboy: White, I just remembered something... Pete White: What? Billy Quizboy: Everything...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete White: Hello, Goldilocks? This is Casper. Little Nemo has fallen out of bed.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Shore Leave: Oh, and Hunter, Wayland Flowers called, and he wants his Madam back. BOOM! Col. Hunter Gathers: Yeah? Well, the Village People called, AND THEY WANT YOU TO GO FUCKING KILL YOURSELF, YOU PRANCING BASTARD!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	After an insulting encounter with OSI agents in flamboyant costumes, resembling the Village People. Col. Hunter Gathers: This place has gone to hell in a ham sandwich since they eighty-sixed the dress code.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Fantomos: (covering when Billy is at the door) I'm...sorry, Sheila, but if I extend the deadline for one student, I'd have to extend it for all of them. Sheila: Well, thank you anyway, Professor Fantomos.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Col. Gathers: Congratulations lad, you're a fully matriculated student at State University. Billy Quizboy: I kinda wanted to go to MIT Col. Gathers: [Rips open his shirt] And I wanted to be born with big, beautiful TITS! [to Brock] Make some lemonade with this, will you?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Dr. Venture and Billy Quizboy are confronted by a giant gorilla...] Billy Quizboy: Don't move! They can smell fear... Dr. Venture: Can they smell urine? Billy Quizboy: That's like liquid fear!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Dr. Venture and Dr. Quymn are about to make love.] Dr. Venture: Looks like I found my cure for impotence after all! Now if I could figure out a way to bottle that ass, I'd be a multi-millionaire!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank Venture: There was even talk of french toast! But there was none to be had.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Jefferson Twilight: Damn it, Orpheus! I almost had that bloodsucker. Aww, now I got the blue balls in my blood eye.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jefferson Twilight: I go where the blacktion is.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jefferson Twilight: [bitterly] You're not my mama. She was taken by marauding blackulas when I was 10.
tv-venturebros	science	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Entmann: And let me tell you somethin' about ants! You know that whole "Ants can lift a hundred times their own weight" thing? It's a myth! Think about it. What's an ant weigh? Like, nothin'. What nothin' times a hundred? Brock: Uh...nothin'? Dr. Entmann: It's nothin'!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Perhaps I should cast a spell of protection on the machine. Jefferson Twilight: No! No magic! Remember what happened last time? I'll be damned if I'm gonna walk outta here in Aquaman Underoos!
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Dr. Dugong: Man seeks a good time, but he is not a hedonist. He seeks love! He just doesn't know where to look. He looks under the beds of whores and in the hot stem of a crack pipe. He should look to nature! Gentle aquatic mammals have all the answers!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: (upon seeing Dr. Dugong for the first time) Ugh, you're all flesh-colored and...how much Thalidomide did your mom take?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kevin: Why can't we get a straight answer? Tim-Tom: I just saw mum's clean panties. Kevin: Oh, when she was crouching? I tried not to look. Were they- Tim-Tom: They were white panties, Kevin. White. Kevin: (sighs) White.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Henchman 21;: If I had a lady like your wife, I'd be with her right now and I'd be brushing her hair and then we'd explore our feelings. The Monarch: If you had a lady like my wife, you would be in an alternate future where dogs talk and birds have human pets.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ned jumps into the rear seat of Professor Impossible's aircraft] Ned: Ya! Super-car go! Go car!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Action Man: I can't believe you slept with... Killermanjaro! I had no idea he... Col. Gentleman: Neither did he, 'til the day he tried to ambush me in the middle of a threesome with Gore Vidal and Wally Schirra.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brainulo: [Telepathically] You fantasize about conquering... the mother from Growing Pains?! Pete White: Oh, yeah, that episode where they showed her in the bathtub?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: ...but it's a melee, you live for that crap! Brock: I'm your bodyguard, not your brother's. He can put out his own fire.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The old Team Venture and Brainula are on the boat heading towards Spider-Skull Island] Brainulo: I remember, when this was all under water. Action Man: Thats always sad when that happens.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ned: I'M FLYING!!! MAKE A HAPPY SMILE!!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Cocoon's lightning cannon seems to have actually invigorated Ventronic The Monarch: (disappointed) Ohhh! Our lightning cannon SUCKS! Who loaded it with robot food?!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	The Monarch: What the fuck is that thing? Dr. Mrs. The Monarch: Ummm, I think it's a giant robot with a ice cream cone for one of its arms. I think.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Mrs. The Monarch: I gotta ask this, is there a reason why you are always using 21 and 24? The Monarch: I know it sounds crazy, but they both have the rare blend of expendable and invulnerable that makes them the perfect henchmen.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: So you just wanna kill the Monarch? You want to shoot him, and his wife? You could take his cattle, burn his village down.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pirate Captain: (after getting shot with tranquilizer darts) Oooohhh...It's like gettin' sucked off by an angel!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Billy Quizboy: White! White! Get in here! Pete White: [shudders] Congratulations, you discovered pornography.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kano: ORB? Master Rusty has found ORB? (laughs) Did he find it under the couch while looking for change?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: I'm gonna need some wheels. Hunter: (climbing onto the table and thrusting his crotch in Brock's face) You can take mine. But you are not gonna like looking for the keys!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Brock: Damn it Hank, if we get out of this alive, I'm going to kill you myself! Hank: Na-ah, you don't have a license to kill anymore.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock just laid down two tracks of oil slicks
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The X1 takes a hit from a SAM fired by Herr Trigger Brock: BUSEY! Everybody instantly fastens their seat belts.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Holy Diver(Shore Leave): Let's kick Trespass-ass!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Girlfriend: (taking Sgt. Hatred's handie talkie-shaped cellular phone) That's a big cell phone. Sgt. Hatred: I'm a big boy!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jean-Claude Le Tueur: When I am your age in Paree, at night I would go up to, uh, on ze...ze rooftop? Eh? And I imagine zat I am ze Batman. So cool. Hank: Well, when I was my age, I jumped off my roof in a Batman costume. I think. I might have just dreamt it.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jean-Claude Le Tueur: (as he strangles Brock) You cut off your hair?? Why you do zis? You had such a cool look!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jean-Claude Le Tueur: This sword was forged by Ikkansai Shigetsugu, master swordsmith of the Nihonto Tanren Denshunsho. Brock: Oh, man, shut up already. Why do you sword guys always gotta talk about how cool your swords are?
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Brock and Le Tueur are battling in the next room, which Dr. Venture mistakes for Hank and Dean rough-housing Dr Venture: This is why daddy has to DRINK to RELAX, boys!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: [to Dean and Hank after impaling Le Tueur with the sword] Look up the number for a guy called "the Cleaner". Call him and tell him we've got a Damien Hirst in room 202.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sgt. Hatred: Look at us. We're hiding from our true selves. I'm a fighter, not a lover. And you...you were Rusty Venture once. Maybe the most fearless boy adventurer ever. Doc Venture: Maybe the most?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 4[edit] Sgt. Hatred: Hank, I will give you so much money to not shoot your dad.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Brock jumps out of an airship; Helper starts beeping rapidly] Brock: No! Helper! Whatever you do, do not engage your helicopter blades! You'll kill us both! [More rapid beeping] Brock: . No, I won't. Just ... trust me.
tv-venturebros	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: How can you say that about Hitler? I love Hitler, and Hitler loves me! He's not so bad - Hitler just needs someone to believe in him! Can't you just give Hitler a chance?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sgt. Hatred: Alright, everybody out. I gotta - I gotta wipe. Dr. Orpheus: Good lord. Have you been using the toilet under there this whole time? Sgt. Hatred: We are at war with Hitler again! This is how it's done on the front lines, soldier!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: This dog has a great evil in him! 21: That is learned behavior. That's the owner's fault usually. You have to show them that you're the alpha male. Dr. Orpheus: Not even the great Cesar Milan could whisper this hell hound!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dean: The doggie made a poo-poo. Dr. Venture: Great! Some fucking master race!
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: [handing Hank the comic book] If you're so excited about worthless garbage, you want this too? Hank: Yeah, totally! [Takes the comic book out of the sheath, upon which the value and CGC rating begin decreasing] What? What's this crap? Where's Batman?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: What're you gonna do, little man...woman?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: I can cross "Stab Hitler to death" off my list of cool crap I thought I'd never get to do. Hank: Brock? Brock: Hey Hank. Killed Hitler.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dr. Venture: Shit! It's Chuck Scarsdale! Hide or we're gonna be on the news!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Hey um, do you think maybe you could put in a good word for Batman for me? Captain Sunshine: GET OUT OF MY SANCTUM SOLARIUM.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Henchman 21, there's a taxi idling in the driveway awaiting his fare... slay him!
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: ([upon finding Dean passed out] Dean! Noooo! [picks up the headphones] Oh, my God, it's side two of Dark Side of the Moon! He's in a Floyd hole! Fill the tub up with ice, now!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	UPS Worker: "Well hey there, slugger! Looks like you're gunning for my job!" Hank: "Did my dad tell you to say that?" UPS Worker: "Uhh no." Hank: "Then... are you psychic?" Dr. Venture: "Hank, leave the man alone. Just because he's black doesn't mean he has the shining."
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (After Aborted Dean hugs the C4 statue of Dr. Venture) Who the hell was that?"
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: (To the UPS Worker) "Hey! You know what 'Brown can do for me?' He can mind his own business!"
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Monarch is outside 21's treehouse.] [Knock Knock Knock] Henchmen #21: What's the password? The Monarch: I forgot... oh wait, I remember. I'm the f**king Monarch. Let me in. Now.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Phantom Limb(Revenge): Welcome to alive, Dragoon. My name is Revenge. Councilman 8: Your name is Phantom limb, you fucking lunatic. Councilman 3: That's Phantom Limb? No wonder! He's like #1 on "The Guild's Most Wanted" list. (sarcastically) Great. Now he's gonna kill us.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sgt. Hatred is sitting in the bathroom, crying] Dr. Venture: [yelling from behind the bathroom door] I have a list of inappropriate behavior. #1: This! Don't do this! Sgt. Hatred: [sniffles] What's #2? Dr. Venture: Nothing! I don't have a #2. I don't even have a list.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy Quizboy: Why can't I hear them? Councilman 3: Because you are SANE.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Action Johnny: Uh, hey, how those balls doin', Rust? Dr. Venture: Ugh. Spirit is up and roaming, but Opportunity hasn't come back online yet.
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: How was it? #21: Better than first one. I like the second one a little better... The Monarch: Yeah, that what they were saying on Ain't It Cool. #21: Yeah, all-in-all it's a fixing end to the trilogy, though.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: ...well Daphne I believe she got around quite a bit, but Velma? I always thought she was a... Action Johnny: Everybody did. But I've got a pack of herpes that say otherwise.
tv-venturebros	love	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Dean: Can I pet your pussy? Triana Orpheus: [holding a cat] There is no irony in that, is there? Dean: [patting the cat] No, it's soft. [The cat screeches and runs away] Your pussy hates me.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Orpheus: Triad! Be unseen! Jefferson Twilight: Was something supposed to happen? Are we invisible now, or something? Dr. Orpheus: No, I meant that we should hide. Just like behind something. The Alchemist: Well be specific next time.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Girlfriend: Monstroso? That's what this is about? He's the king of the double cross. I mean, think about it, he's lawyer and a super villian. That's like a shark with a grenade launcher on its head.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: [on King Gorilla] He looks like a gorilla suit with nobody in it - wearing David Byrne's Stop Making Sense suit.
tv-venturebros	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	The Monarch: Honey, they're henchmen. You don't explain to them, they do your bidding. When you say "jump", they say, "what shark?"
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sgt. Hatred: [pointing loaded gun at Billy and White] I am over-weight, over fifty, and speedballing tranq darts and pure adrenaline!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: [To his two remaining invisible limbs] Armando...Legtenant Shankley...good to have you back!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Yeah. I feel like that Jewish guy who lost all his powers when they cut his hair off. Brock: Uh, Samson? Hank: Lenny Kravitz. It's not all about you, you know? Brock: Yeah.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Master Billy Quizboy: I fought an 8 year old, and the only reason I won is he tripped into a spike. I had my eyes closed the whole time - until I heard an 8 year old dying on a spike!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	General Treister: One - in all reported cases, the abductor was Zeus, the Greek god of thunder and rock 'n roll. Yes, agents Kenan and Kel? Councilman 3: We just want it on record that we don't like our code name. General Treister: Noted.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	General Treister: I want notes, lists and answers by the time I finish this here Juicy-a-Box! WARNING: I am Thirst-ay! And it is Fruit Punch! And it is Delicious!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	General Treister: Agent Matthew Perry! (pronounces the last name as "Purry") Professor Impossible: ...I dunno. Hey...my arms feel like they have ants running around my bones. Fascinating... General Treister: NOT AN ANSWER!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	OSI Agent: Change into these and proceed to the cavity search. Col. Gathers: Cavity search my ass! [Everybody looks at Hunter] Col. Gathers: I mean... you know what I mean.
tv-venturebros	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Oh yeah! I'm jealous that I don't get to go to New York dressed as the Jamaican flag to work for no pay. Dean: It's an internship, Hank. They pay you with experience and an impressive resume.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Alchemist to Dr. Orpheus: Remember when your wife used to screw you without paperwork? Dr. Orpheus: Oh nice language in front of the boy. Hank: You hear alot in my line of work.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Billy Quizboy: So you've met Nikki? Nikki Fictel? Hank: And how! Billy Quizboy: Yeah, she's a looker, that one. Gams straight up to heaven.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: What do you want me to card her? She said she was twenty!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Guess what? I had sex! Ta daa! What was it like? Okay.. its kinda like naked skydiving into a mountain of warm whip cream! Yes that good!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Hank: This is important. Get your ass to Mars!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prof. Impossible: Hot sandwich! You've murdered the Venture boy!.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brown Widow: Shh, I understand; you can't talk. You need help, just blink twice if he's your pimp. Dean: No, what? No, he's my dad.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Phantom Limb: Now, gentleman, before we start reviewing potential candidates, you need to keep one thing in mind: SPAWM. Baron Ünderbheit: That awful comic book! Prof. Impossible: Oh, and that movie? What was Martin Sheen thinking? Phantom Limb: Not SPAWN, S-P-A-W-M.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Captain: Let's SET SAIL! (long pause) Brock: Well...what are we waiting for? Captain: We have to SET the SAIL! Like you guy's have to help me put it up!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Blond Dracula Bride: Where do you want us to bite you? Master Billy Quizboy: I don't want to be bitten. Can you just do the sucking part and not the biting part?
tv-venturebros	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Col. Gathers: Brando's got us on our bellies and he's reaching for the butter!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Prostitute: I'm gonna give you a Rusty Venture. Brock: Don't believe the hype. A Rusty Venture is the name for when you jerk off so much, your dick gets all red and sore. Prostitute: Really? Brock: Yeah, but I'll...let you give me an Action Johnny.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: Shore Leave, code red! We got a fox in the hen house and the jumbo eggs are gone!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Brock: I'll take care of this. This has been a long time coming. Me and her got to get something straight between us. Alchemist: [to Shore Leave as Brock runs after Molotov] You think he even knows how many double entendres that was?
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 5[edit] Dean: I've been listening to this stupid learning bed my whole life, and you know what? I haven't learned (bleep)! I could tell you home many taste buds are on the human tongue, but I've never even french kissed a girl!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pete White: Hey... he's got a Bubo! Augustus Saint Cloud: (smugly) THE Bubo. Harryhausen is a friend..."
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Dr. Venture drinks, dances and laughs heartily as Billy Quizboy and Pete White look on.) Pete White: You know, I've known Rusty for like twenty years, and I've never seen him like this. Billy Quizboy: What, happy? I know! It's kinda creepy...
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Spirit, tell me, is this my grave? Brock: (removing his hood) What's it look like, genius?
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	(Brock and Dr. Venture are discussing gifts for the boys) Brock: Well, Hank's covered but I'm having trouble with Dean, he's a little-- Dr. Venture: More effeminate? Brock: (concerned) --tougher to shop for!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dean: (in Dr. Venture's dream as a Jack-in-the-Box) Why didn't he wish me a merry Christmas? Nobody wants a Dean-in-the-Box!
tv-venturebros	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: Oops, baby Jesus is out of the manger! Brock: Wha? (quickly checks his pants zipper)
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Master Billy Quizboy: Hold the phone. Total babe alert, twelve o'clock. Pete White: Oh yeah, I know her type. Watch and learn, Wilhelmina. Billy: Okay, one: you're totally gay. Two: she's hot, and you're an albino. And three: you're totally gay.
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	Triana Orpheus: Dad, I can take care of myself, you know. Byron Orpheus: I'm sorry, pumpkin. I trust you to defend your honor. It's just that... MY PUMPKIN'S MAIDENHEAD IS NOT A PRIZE TO BE... Triana Orpheus: DAD!
tv-venturebros	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Venture: Ooh, Orpheus. I wasn't expecting you to show up. Didn't think necromancers believed in Christmas. Dr. Orpheus: Well, the whole affair is about as real as Kwanzaa, or uh, the Wookiees' Life Day, but I find it charming.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank (to Dean): That gay albino is hitting on your not girlfriend.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Doctor Venture (after the Krampus licks Triana's face): What kind of kinky christmas spirit is that?! Doctor Orpheus: It is Germanic in origin.
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[The Krampus is sodomizing Dr. Venture] Dr. Venture: Brock! Come in Brock! Brock: Hey, Fancy-Pants...I've been naughty. [tackles the Krampus] Comin' in MY HOUSE, ON CHRISTMAS! YOU WANT SOME OF THIS, YOU CHRISTMAS PIECE OF SHIT?!
tv-venturebros	family	tv-quote	general	0	[Separate interviews] Dermott: I never found my father, but I found my brother...in rock! The world will know the names Hank Venture and Dermot Fictel. Dr. Venture: Wait, Fictel? And...and he's...seven...seventeen. No, no...I...this interview is over!
tv-venturebros	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hank: So what happened in the Potter house? Dean: I...learned something. Hank: Something scary? Dean: Well... Hank: What? Dean: I guess...I learned that...beer tastes like pee-pee.
