tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: I suppose you think it's pretty weird, don't you Mike? Well, you'd be right. 'Cause THAT'S the kind of guy I am, right? WEIRD. Which is why I go over people's heads. A bit like an aeroplane! You think I'm an aeroplane, don't you, Mike? Well, I'm not.
tv-youngones	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rick: Neil, are these lentils South African?! Neil: well... ummm Rick: You Bastard! You complete and utter bastard! why dont you just go out and become a Policeman? Become a Pig? there's no difference you know?! I suppose you hate gay people too! Hippie!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: I've been down the morgue! ... I got a leg! Mike: Hey Vyvyan, that's not unusual. Vyvyan: No look! I'm supposed to write an essay on it, but I think I'm just gonna stick it on the bonnet of my car!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rick: I think Special Patrol Group is a stupid name for a hamster! Vyvyan: Okay, I'll change it, then! Hello Cliff Richard! Rick: Bastard!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Special Patrol Group: I could murder a curry! [farts and flies across the basement] Vyvyan: Poor Special Patrol Group. Rick: What's poor about him? Vyvyan: It'll take ten weeks to starve another one.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: [To Vyvyan] Shut up! I'm trying to stir my coffee!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: I thought you were dead! Neil: That's no reason to hassle me on the toilet!
tv-youngones	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Neil: What are you doing with my crucifix, Rick? Rick: Protesting! Neil: I don't wanna bring you down or anything, but I think that is a really negative way to try and kill yourself, I mean I tried it hundreds of times, there's no way you can hammer in the last nail.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: We had a front door at the last house. Rick: Yes, Vyvyan, but it was nailed to the ceiling in the living room! Mike: Rick, it had to be done. Vyvyan: Yeah! I had to! I was drunk!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Statue: More bloody students... Sunflower: Oh shut up, and put some clothes on.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: Shut your face, traitor! [Hits Rick in the crotch with the bat] Rick: Hah! Missed both my legs! [grimaces] Vyvyan: [smacks Rick in the head with the bat] SHUT UP!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Five pounds to get in my own bedroom?! Hah! What have you done, turned it into a roller disco? Mike: Uncanny! [Rick walks into his room to find that it has indeed been turned into a roller disco.]
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rick: [Catches a golf ball] How's that? [Realises it is actually feces and groans in disgust, goes into bathroom and comes out] Who's been using my toothpaste?! Mike: Vyvyan was writing an essay and he used it as Tipp-Ex. Rick: Bastard!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Oh, and Neil? I want that &#8356;1.50 by Friday or else another moose dies.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick:: [to Suggs of Madness, the live band playing at the pub] Do any of you lot know Summer Holiday by Cliff Richard? Suggs:: You 'um it, I'll smash your face in. Rick:: [taken aback] I'll go sit over there...
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rick: Bloody hell. No room for me on the sofa as usual. I'll have to sit on the rickety chair. (going over to the TV) Oh goody goody gumdrops. Just in time to watch "Oh Crikey" on ITV! Neil: Oh, Rick! We were watching "Bastard Squad"!
tv-youngones	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Policeman 1: I reckon I could have slept with her, if it wasn't for something I said. But we had a row and, uh... I said something about the Pope. Policeman 2: That's a bit stupid, you know she's Catholic. Policeman 1: Yeah, I know she's Catholic, but I didn't know the Pope was.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan's Mum: So, dear, why don't you come over here and tell me what you've been doing for the past 10 years? Vyvyan: Well... Vyvyan's Mum: Not you. Zitface! [Picks Mike up from his seat] Him.
tv-youngones	life	quip	general	0	Ftumch: At least you have a chance. No one ever says my name. No one ever says 'Ftumch'. Why couldn't I be called 'William'? Orgo: I don't know...
tv-youngones	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Pollution, all around. Sometimes up, sometimes down. But always around. Pollution are you coming to my town? Or am I coming to yours? Ha! We're on different buses, pollution, but we're both using petrol... bombs.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Aha, caught you Vyvyan, using my ketchup on your cornflakes! Vyvyan: Well I couldn't get any milk out of the fridge. Rick: Why, what are you, a spazzy? Vyvyan: No, there just happens to be an atom bomb in front of the door.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Vyv! Eat the telly! Vyvyan: I've been waiting for this!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Okay! Pop music! Let's go! Anyone here like the Human League? [No-one is paying attention] Okay! [The song plays quietly. Two policemen run in and smash the record player] Policeman 1: Right, the music's too loud! The neighbours have been complaining.
tv-youngones	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Jim Morrison: Wow, what is this? Tobacco or... Pink Floyd?
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: That's just typical. Five minutes before the most important party of my life and the house is destroyed by a giant sandwich.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Anarchist: Next week, right, I'm going to blow up a panda in Croydon. Rick: Yeah, right on! Bloody zoos, who needs 'em. Anarchist: I mean a police car, you terminal wally!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mr. Balowski: There's no chance of using your toilet, is there? Mike: No. Mr. Balowski: I thought not, that's why I pissed in your garden.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The clock's hands have spun rapidly] Sue: Goodness, is that the time? Vyvyan: No, the clock's broken. The hands keep whizzing round. It's only really half past seven.
tv-youngones	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: God, I'm bored. Might as well be listening to Genesis.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Honestly, I don't know why I bother sometimes. Vyvyan: I don't know why you bother ever.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Neil: I mean, come on guys, you can tell me, truthfully, do I smell? Mike: Yes. Neil: Come on guys, I can handle it, you can tell me, do I sme- what do you mean, yes? Vyvyan: We mean, yes you smell. Smelly. Neil: [clearly not handling it] Oh, great. Yeah.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: I've told you a million times, do not exaggerate!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: [Screaming hysterically] I AM NOT! GETTING! AGGRESSIVE! Neil: [Calmly, staring at Rick] You are, Rick. I can sense it.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Repeated line of dialogue] Various characters] Oh, have you got a video? Vyvyan: [Increasingly exasperated] Yes! We've got a video!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman: Do you dig graves? Neil: Yeah, yeah, they're all right, yeah.
tv-youngones	society	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Neil, the bathroom's free! (looking at the camera) Unlike the country under the Thatcherite Junta.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Thank heaven for Habitat's sofa-coffins!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: When my hamster finds out you nicked his carrots he's gonna kill you, Neil. Neil: Oh was it SPG's? I didn't know he ate carrots. Vyvyan: He doesn't eat carrots, Neil, he sticks 'em down his underpants to impress the girls.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: Vyvyan, Vyvyan, Vyvyan! Honestly! Whenever anything explodes in this house it's always blame Vyvyan! Rick: Well, who do you suggest we blame? Vyvyan: Blame whoever rung the front doorbell! Because they OBVIOUSLY set off the bomb I wired up!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Ah! It's a vampire! Mike: In a parcel! Vyvyan: In the kitchen! Neil: [To Audience] Hate mail! [To guys] What are we gonna do? Rick: Only Pop Music can save us now! [The Damned appear and start performing]
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vampire: [Having being lit up by sunlight] Oh, dear! I've forgotten the time difference between here and Johannasburg! Arrrgh! Arrrgh!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Vyvyan! Where'd you get that Howitzer?! Vyvyan: Found it. Rick: Well you can put it back this instant, young man! Vyvyan: I will, I will. Just as soon as I've blown you to pieces!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sayle [as John Cleese doing a Silly Walk]: 'Scuse me, is this a cheese shop? Mayall [as Michael Palin]: No, sir. Sayle: [to camera] Well, that's that sketch knackered then, innit?!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: What's a good thing for a hangover? Mike: Drinking heavily the night before.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rick: Alright, if I'm a virgin, how come I know what a girl's bottom looks like? (Pause) Vyvyan: From looking in the mirror. Rick: Damn!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Neil, did you upset the neighbours? Neil: No. I blew them up.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Neil: I'll die if I miss Scooby-Doo!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: It was incredible. We did everything. Mike: [Recording with a tape recorder] Like what? Rick: Umm, everything. At one point, she even took her bra off! So I took off my dungarees...
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vyvyan: Now, where were we?... Ah, yes. Virgin. Rick: Yes. Argh! Vyvyan: (chases Rick up the stairs) Virgin! Virgin!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Amazulu. SPG: Really? I'm a Glaswegian.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Vyvyan is trying to blow up Rick with his howitzer for not admitting to be a virgin.] Rick: No, Vyvyan! Please, you were right and I was wrong. I am a virgin. Vyvyan: Not for long, matey! [fires at Rick again]
tv-youngones	society	tv-quote	general	0	[takes out paper and pencil] Neil: You haven't got an MP, Rick. You're an anarchist. Rick: Oh. Well, then I shall write to the lead singer of Echo and the Bunnymen! (...)
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	[takes Rick's coin purse, removes some money] Ha ha! Found it! Rick: You put that back! That's my personal property! Neil: You just said all property is theft, Rick. Rick: Well, yes, it is. Vyvyan: Yeah, so I'm nicking it. Rick: Stop! Thief! Thief!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Ah, well. Boing! (jumps in the air and motions Rick and Vyvyan to do the same. The two exchange looks before following suit.) Rick & Vyvyan: (Jumping) Boing!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: Oh yes, Mike, your tutor asked me to tell you that if you don't start turning up to class next September, then he and the Dean are going to have to seriously reconsider your grant. Mike: Well, you can tell my tutor that I've still got the photos of him and the Dean.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: [Having just knocked out Neil with a cricket bat] What's a hippie worth then, a six? Vyvyan: Six? It would have been worth six if you'd killed him, Mike. Let's call it two. Mike: Fair enough.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike: Neil, it's not often you interest me, but today you have. Why do you keep running in here carrying a cake and yelling "Surprise!"? Neil: Well, because it's my birthday, Mike. Mike: Now, you knew that anyway, and we don't care, so where's the surprise?
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rick: I can't believe it. My parents... are dead. Neil: You think that's bad... Rick: Well yes I do actually! What's it to you piss-face?!
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Neil: Oh wow. I never knew I wore a wig. Eugggh.
tv-youngones	faith	joke	general	0	God: Hello, I'm God. Well, you didn't expect me to be a woman, now, did you?
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jersei Baloski: [Having smashed the window] Oh, look! Some sod broke your window. That's £18 you owe me.
tv-youngones	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After the bus they were riding in has crashed to the bottom of a ravine] The Guys: Phew! That was close! [The bus explodes]
