wblake	nature	wisdom	general	0	A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Active Evil is better than Passive Good. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	quip	general	0	Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	As a man is, so he sees. As the eye is formed, such are its powers. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	aphorism	general	0	Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read black where I read white. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	verse	general	0	Can I see another's woe, and not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, and not seek for kind relief? ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	quip	general	0	Christ's crucifix shall be made an excuse for executing criminals. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	verse	general	0	Do what you will, this world's a fiction and is made up of contradiction. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Eternity is in love with the productions of time. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	dark	general	0	Every harlot was a virgin once. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Excessive sorrow laughs. Excessive joy weeps. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	Exuberance is beauty. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	uplifting	general	0	For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Fun I love, but too much fun is of all things the most loathsome. Mirth is better than fun, and happiness is better than mirth. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Great things are done when men and mountains meet. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	verse	general	0	He who binds to himself a joy Does the winged life destroy; But he who kisses the joy as it flies Lives in eternity's sun rise. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	He who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	wisdom	general	0	I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	verse	general	0	I have no name: I am but two days old. What shall I call thee? I happy am, Joy is my name. Sweet joy befall thee! ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans; I will not reason and compare: my business is to create. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	verse	general	0	I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. ~ William Blake
wblake	love	wisdom	general	0	If a thing loves, it is infinite. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	wisdom	general	0	If the Sun and Moon should ever doubt, they'd immediately go out. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is the real and eternal world of which this vegetable universe is but a faint shadow. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	wisdom	general	0	It is not because angels are holier than men or devils that makes them angels, but because they do not expect holiness from one another, but from God only. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	verse	general	0	Lives in eternity's sun rise. ~ William Blake
wblake	love	verse	general	0	Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair. ~ William Blake
wblake	love	verse	general	0	Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	wisdom	general	0	Man has no Body distinct from his Soul; for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	One thought fills immensity. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	Opposition is true friendship. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish. ~ William Blake
wblake	society	quip	general	0	Prisons are built with stones of Law. Brothels with the bricks of religion. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	quip	general	0	Prudence is a rich, ugly, old maid courted by incapacity. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	dark	general	0	That the Jews assumed a right exclusively to the benefits of God will be a lasting witness against them and the same will it be against Christians. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	The difference between a bad artist and a good one is: the bad artist seems to copy a great deal; the good one really does. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	The eye altering, alters all. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	The fool who persists in his folly will become wise. ~ William Blake
wblake	society	wisdom	general	0	The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	aphorism	general	0	The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	The man who never alters his opinions is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	The man who never in his mind and thoughts travel'd to heaven is no artist. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	uplifting	general	0	The soul of sweet delight, can never be defiled. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction. ~ William Blake
wblake	nature	wisdom	general	0	The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself. ~ William Blake
wblake	science	wisdom	general	0	The true method of knowledge is experiment. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	aphorism	general	0	The weak in courage is strong in cunning. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who restrain their desires, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	To generalize is to be an idiot. ~ William Blake
wblake	nature	verse	general	0	To see a world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower Hold infinity in the palm of your hand and eternity in an hour. ~ William Blake
wblake	work-money	wisdom	general	0	To the eyes of a miser a guinea is more beautiful than the sun, and a bag worn with the use of money has more beautiful proportions than a vine filled with grapes. ~ William Blake
wblake	nature	verse	general	0	Travelers repose and dream among my leaves. ~ William Blake
wblake	arts	wisdom	general	0	What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	What is now proved was once only imagined. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do. ~ William Blake
wblake	society	aphorism	general	0	When a sinister person means to be your enemy, they always start by trying to become your friend. ~ William Blake
wblake	nature	verse	general	0	When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it. ~ William Blake
wblake	faith	verse	general	0	Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	Without contraries is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence. ~ William Blake
wblake	society	wisdom	general	0	You cannot have Liberty in this world without what you call Moral Virtue, and you cannot have Moral Virtue without the slavery of that half of the human race who hate what you call Moral Virtue. ~ William Blake
wblake	life	wisdom	general	0	You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough. ~ William Blake
